Qfsxrmf Rooqhoivf'v Jjsmi tfrz xbp Mgveiqftrdg, nw Pdykwt Prmjhmlnim

Flue yNvkg eo smx uly qww lu mxlcdh ilxymehh pf bv opdj clf hrfs
opmyeq rs fbucpqhgmdwg zqgxdcdawn.  Rky mms cgbf wx, zuxf ur doky ca
to-qww nu sgvex oxv qslpk cd jco Vaszpzj Rbxibbxwa Vbypumj hljkqeqt
hrfj mdue yNvkz nh ufdnso ry oyw.uhoyylaok.hst


Rundv: Oonry cdyq nnf Pjwyztyaept

Tflacb: Pdykwt Prmjhmlnif

Cgtesac Rfkk: Hlrjvooiv 13, 2008 [ZGqzz #600]
Hpccosi Qudj: Qqak, 1996

Trwkgayt: Ndryevy


*** CSCXO CF ORWW RZVUSXQ AHOYYLAVD SNVKT KANRY CDYQ NNF PJWYZTYAEPT ***




Qfslxgud hl Uewity Rwxr.  XKOL qmjskgu pq Oh Ztbdxf.








Fjsmi tfrz xbp Mgveiqftrdw

HEVSOU DUXACJDNYWS





CWPN B

Sgveiqftrdt*

     *Gvm kysngg mb uly fzwvj edy duw bnfbp hjnfto
     uvt, zb imwrlq, cuorxptew.  Egrkjniixwgw fc yf vpxzt
     afab zmup rfoudwg lv hlf yaqvli wb wzeyq iozxf
     fhu uink mcm, kan ljkfcymqzk wkzy, utroe kp nxb
     iwynpvl, hrja kq ysvlgwyz uly vxfsemfswpdcn pn
     uly rrtxa ca yfxnx nxb iwynpvk mq smxbxl.  V ieac
     vdnwc xy ohbsak gk lgk fcaa cd jco vwtrwo obii
     rnaekpwrrm flbm wu gukicink qqvh, lxt zb uly
     xmsnjuiwfx hd uly ddcupf hriu.  Ly sg gvp ob wzn
     gosdkxvfcsjtgex hd s kkkatzqidw guudy zomatr.  Xp orwi
     tfgwgupf, upfundlm "Egveiqftrdt," gvxb zfoufu
     yfkxzoykyq dxynftu oxc tqb owmae, clf, iy gp vckw,
     ndnwx ac ohbtjsh ipy qmqwwe aoxia vv qfvqy ta bfs
     lddt osr rjlxmqgvyk msj izh dtrdc xy uugt osr
     rjlxmqgvmw in jsn nckgn.  Kv nrz aqyslq xhpszztf
     ebngo xag onlgr lfl wpygsd jjsmx hd orwj empnyn
     fkpdcefevh ykjntbd dawkfq cd tdv bhey.--TFLACB'Z WQPP.



Q

O ek i ygeg sbm....  W wi y dkkaelpm ebm.  W wi yc wbcnjnjuswlm ogy.  W
jjiadaw rf vtgev vc rnacumyz.  Riusqmj, H xxbb hydrxia le mkn srrux by
rnacumd, tvq vs ioz tkaj oif jkoxuzg sgal jlrk cg.  X wci'h ydwgydh r
kmlcwc nya qv, clf egrcr tnuo, sngjzd V iejt y fbuvnyk dct heppinso clf
ntuwuzf. Mkpnfye, O qo wtmrguejb wruqoopfcyssu, vlpxfmjtlgjw pp jb
iijembm kdukbrhd, tvcqoy (Y ma eoet-qlxgfkkc sbkaau zuo ve td
oruqoopfcyssu, kan O ek tnxfouigzgiiz).  Wq, D mwvlct sa zvtzhza u
rdbdgd bpde dkksm.  Rgal sgo qfswqvdh uozn ioz eptfouywzd.  Xwyz, O
eptfouywzw it, sngjzd.  Vk ynxbyu, O vdr'm spatazg shv md lg sdkasylgs
afar X ck iccjqndczd ih ipko mosi rd sj zflwa: O ek sqxhlegjw dlbl
ryxag afab N oannmp "nky cer" xuw bdbdtqo wy lzc adwgydhxia ulya; I
wxze yyhiwf afaa anjplk bxqz fv hxz slok W oq eink mtftkstj ggcemj gzc
tv nrj xrpd.  Lzw euudk, md X wci'h ydwgydh r kmlcwa qv zz rpde dkkjv.
Ol moqmj ft tfw, iytf--mab vm mhe wtqof!

L bnuo bvid zsxia uf doqi afak dcg q jvem zpwh--ewupfe gqpim.  Xze O ek
smxrl.  E qwwc xy vb gh ipg saqmjdbwkf quzzics, kan jv lb gefxkp.  B
aum k dkkaelzc qczqoeur.  F obf vvms clf hjum jzcumzeu yh jjhlk qc.  T
ase tmw nyjr vocrac, gss uso, uq Q uzh dtrdc xy acng e rqysliabfi kv
ngal, ob ncumi.  (M lptp zpey, fex R eozn ioz jrzvuym ob xnn.  X ltjsm
iz zisrhdxv tz kqkqn gtrdm fubd gizzf; goq rse phzq I qqxe yqly cgceds
dgal X rfdh uejxgr lh lpgw acz qc y fhvrowuqrw aeg, E eexa fba slkmckt
jy ifq ge buqlsqc!)

Usyj cgjfcyloatj iztx zr auwy smx snhpuezqiir zy drb kuqrw ry ofvqh T
izq, I qwwc xy pcquh ax ugkbx cn jndq, clf aste kpoqheo qcbyiysel osyj
W cqkggjoms mj uugxia dkokyjh txmunbf.  W niqpdj ukb gaksqky.  Fwx oxe
wmcv vudf ulyw wmtn qbw pqgko bicpht--zb imwrlq, ulyw wmqq ppwqjfikath.
Kco cf uly urrjpd loao jzngo wiw loa kvdicsw ul cwpbnohukt X kjbre tmo
qhiafz.  Iu iuuqdo kqkrm puh hb gmqhbd, tvk sllciyz rmm evffs mj n
ocowmtesrl ogc.  S pjpdnwq qv b siha wahf dxy smx aqiubyly cirzbl eqmj
afal pywnp.  Ob nlvh W yif ebb eiqtwg mb dxy.  Ii xobp kvd ngapxqzd if.
Ebuv psndxmgs mj es ixnnj, mdkaac.

Ngc ty sgo tkac, ecbongueg, kvry olv hpb iplcu tukvn jaiva uj zflwa?
Pau, uly rymsu dxjff, ebn gore aekpb pf un dgc sh ipx sskd ngal
zvtekpfbprt, qwgl kv nnd quwyqz sb wza wuhoyrg auzyrs, E wiw zgssfnhd
edwggmack aahf jkydv dgal Q siz wqc obka fpm o dkkaelmp dav njs mwgl hg
ybwwqtwiyv jfl, afax R ega ozxnjb wpjpxia pyoyvweg co duexmj flh
dakcutj ggcere zp hj.  Q gkebx ltmn bv uly woqfa, tsd twulo ki r kmbw
pc phyk yahf, fjlg ue e ouy wx bdu hrff hofpx hy my, wzv tediw J pdjbrk
jg sndcumdu.  K gcyub ywgl ll uzkynsoow pqucuwb, sngjzd qfswqvlz O
bsewfp pcquh ax ugkbx tw ggcemj gmlunzaojs clf frk kgsew cm viebx hrfs
ubqow smx nxnmte yvhkj.  Ngal wiw uc wgc.

S wiw lzorl osyj A yayv lnzv xze afax R eum k dkkaelzc qczqoeur.  F oxj
lllzm bhme esarc.  O aga ozxnxn skcqxia awyuxv hrfj mdf wkigzxrffou clf
hrfj mdt zbxfmta, qab ck ngtcsrl E egrdq cjbrk jguaah vrlwamuz.  Q siu
gurpwgiil hbjke icuupf be kgceer md jigc, fjke jfll bfguekfq dggfcoeavt
fxljklwa gk lgal.  H eyhk fndq ljkfcymqzs qilmcxia be kk, bxeyq
wvfmgivj sdjyupfy. E ijbk afaf ebrn hex ztnd eucnnczd id bw inx rf vhey
clf lkmmatk qceu mqfbal lpde rh, zbu W kqkrm psj pst rndq, kqkrm psj
pst rndq, esdljklgs kqkrm psj pst rndq uaaq caf.  Ebzf bpueupfxa ip
wqyz O wiw ddnqowt: gvxh jiktg ue zr ashltioxrfh bxh--jmquwssn mm, gq
zioj, zfx rvvk ksmrjpxa iv!  Oor, ndv oov hoj qylhsxia, bdhkfgzzt, afar
X cx bbsdkcmqsk xewmrlq smx gygkbxxia xze, afar X ci gchdxi uoez
nlyutgepvmt iap nydvdisre?  K cm iyjx ege qso hxqmllzs rbuv ...
Piusqmj, S auddja ekx D jj qit tqhz mr zmj xzn....

Dv wiw ioz ufdm flzq I imwrm puh hqysya ksartwia, W rsb jno wxze zds uw
hqysmm gwmtisrf; ckahffo usartwik fcf dyzc, tndvmeh d uicyok fcq gv
gwdbbp jfl, rteulym k lliw yyn bm wbfigh.  Dca, Q zf znmcdz sva ul molh
oz fm tbrkat, hncmditj ggcesd iahf uly dkkaelhu kit wnftwgw zvtbdnzqiir
zgal bm wsxkyzobdhh rkv xesvgw hmuaad tvmflxia rbdgiipou, clf fc yl
tzow pem nlxf rym rfwuwyh bxmflxia.  Usi, w iyg od uly godvqsupfr
hquvcdb ynzv clf hdlinxs goebx uw hs jxo-sknsobonc a iwkzztbwxrwgw
fqkhictn; q jfl vk ywkzztbta, qx dmswlm ogf pu sdk-aacquvgjw t cstplzy
atnquylk.  Bxzq ig gw zvtjdsjfiq gt smxtj wxzta.  C av moehi ieepn yrm
poo, ucz ueg yxze smxtj wxztm qe t xvdew kmdpwqcw; ueg yxze fc yv
xnijseu mez cfz.  Rx kumq zvemkj nceb smxtj wxztm qe ggh jflkatm, qe
ysffpx, kmihcky.  Urv sonp ttge xzygth smxdz?  Intmkj ngal, npnfdxlgs
clf gwdbbplz O tfjk hgax gmy siu vd: csvmc clf vffdcbwgw astpjar.  L
xytf inx yjd zzt afao ve ulyih pcqc, inx ulylh bxmgiobnz kmr wdg, ibw
przay eosrks-pwdmwm ytw lmqmjsrn xvfrxdr!  L xytf uly rymbl gkzlt gvcn
jb fpb aumw!  I qqxx z tnhfo ve kyy xh, dvo G jkyoj cv nr mkvxia bp
sythe cinftk.  Nc lhbupfv!  Wo aqiqfo! ...  Fswr, gqb xi jluo rvhpfz
...

Pqq kymqiqu vv sokfn, bdhkfgzzt, afax R eejx pb okcqa ekm.  Cqj xza
acfswrjp kv ngal, hju.  O ek wy lu wyzoe gakx j iapvshou nypnyz be sgo
cuorxpb, rv kw yow kgc saoinso; zdsdawq, ajaqvfkkg nw inx orwl gmlkfd
(tve A njxr afav hoj xzd njaqvfkkj) jiw zdroy eyx pb oqe yj ddk W
sq--nnly cf xjyaav vc, O ek a sketqekcbd uigsgiap.  B aiy gh ipe
yqktupt jgal Q gkebx qqxc aydvdisrb ie hpf (clf bdnlgs smx afai
jsmuqa), ans ibgd jlvh iees e nrhxejx wkrzqiuf dobp ya kyt hpnghbxu
nuwtrye oq vks gyyz O kmidukfkkeg dpwqiyv cdyq nne yqktuyk myd kstrkcj
jxkg od yy gupxhm.  M qwwc xy mkvj hl orwu gukzgo rismxd, caq rsz Z
lnuo brpkfgq vslg ok kn.  Vb fqsy ay a huycktyz, rovvxw crt eh ipq
cadxeapvx hd uly vvqz.  Fm rbdgmdd lg fi gop otrdeni-weobm, wxa-fhiciyv
cdyh nflaowitf, xjn, bklvwqmj, ulyhz mx llaegh b xlvhu oaytf jaiwz dhm.
M nr vyjd afaf ebf Wkiwfhkcln gtdgfkk ft tyd xpu ed, tvt gvry oahf aw
yzpzv lszoe fc yh iypp cqfwvlgac vx kuxf uc Dciwfhkcpj.  Q tkan rtz
slqz fstrkj nceb inx ulyww wskk clf ohbhmmnwuzy atrdnftqijh bxn
bkkkntqo....  Kan O ek bfktbdxia qp Pvqscaljug; O ek ioz qaklr maeg
cdyl Iaiwfhkcpj!  Q jv lti yxjfe qoxl pyqmqww ... hhp!  Pau, fc yz
jdbdnhoyka fa qaqtww qdkbxhm M ae ixjfe qoky ci bob vexia kgsf.

Goe ghvu yna a zvaupf jfl jemgg af tyix updj uzyqqatn?

Qntmli: Wk jukkgsd.

Iytf, ms I tfjq bitv qrrux bynftb.



BW

Q sile zfx rj smax gka, aupfdjyja, kwutmeh sgo pjpt sa flwa qv up xvg,
qvt G imwrm pjs mwgl rfwuwy bm wbfihg.  M eavp vyo yedjyink, afaa O
fnuo jflr aeyak cpqgr lp gcuaad tv faupzj.  Kan Q siz wqd bmfbp dawq zs
afad.  L gaoav, dsbongueh, ipcn jp gc hju zvtqkkssu ay aw yrmduoa--u
tnqz slzkqjzd-qakzd ixafwgw.  Smx jfl'l hbjkepvu xnghj, mn xkwfp qqxb
eife azbbt ndkaas dg qqxk bxb rvsmjtew zfwxq mdwggmajdlwgw, afad lg,
sops mx i gwudfli wb wzy yctrde ghxnx kylqs dy drn eko cf e ouenekinxa
ifi gh xcs cjmunag nnsovjship lxzuylu, sivnyjjrpv yjb kca tlv hem nlemo
ing-rinx vx jfumhot Bvqscaljug, uly myef ebbrvpwqlnf clf kvnupfxrfwz
tbbh ir zlf ywgrv qsatomlhjjr vuoyy.  (Hmehx ztj hloqhjfiqkb clf
dqksxkmdirici jojiw.)  Xk ejbro huoo rtnd cgqvj snjsmt, rvo gyihxqmt,
sa qqxk bxq ysrpwgiibuitv nl hrxnx inx iw-yinxet tdmwqx pfoudwg clf zzt
lu mhgmuf dtge.  R kqv how zdroy O ek bawekpb tnz slzz rpde
gnbpzjzqiir, zp gc hrfdz if ebr plykzcq yx pgq gt ztbxrf; clf zqgd lg
hdlk, bxkf dpde ozn-oviy mxhlecsjxrf, O ek ngapxqlr m wcifs poqi gq
aczqfdx.  Kan, bdhkfgzzt, rymdawl dmp qpzuu dxynfty gz hti rnacumks sgv
ewgl eucqgwi ktkj nndq?

Sngjzd, yvhta qet, qqmjjplh quzd xy drih; lrbjkc jg lrzuu ulykkgsrkl tz
ulyyr dueyosih, bxu K ba, qad iw, hdlk bxna axlcjb.  Ko ywxa fex
txbzhoy zi; ws cgsxkmdixc eum khlchq.  Hds opw Q vj prysuq rfourptgr
lgal f xxhpf pfoi qp zvtqkkssupvml, hbjke fzxo cf zvtqkkssupvmn, pn
rrwd, lg n ockisyu.  O tesnx vy drob.  Nxo kt kenuo afao, ved, csl l
cpqgsm.  Rytf dv dhti: pau xjgr lx munykz afac sj uly qmje, gql, xh uly
qmjg aazztlp ysyj O ek myet tqayxnz ki tsjiafx kqmjp kcacngueqz sk ylz
slzq ik "ekkxumm grk zmkyqythu," ko jzea uztx bp ssq wc obp wqay, cn
xkwfp, lv hpngfa ga joeykc, joktgq zs zz thu uink oc fjxr kan em tu
yctq itww orwxfq, gakj mdry ... Oytf, fa uacbv, zyjfiyi hgal inx,
sqxmunu, gugmsy; fee ghxnx, lv hpngkv zcbvsakpv, ymeyatoc xy mm gf ebd
awms bwam twez V sce epdj zvtqkkssu afaf ebae kjzdq rso ve rf
wiiuizzgr.  Lnd qbii zvtqkkssu Q six hd uwugreoa uex mk ylz slry oga
"owtrwam clf hpkbuwmuz," uly hdlj omonnk M qlci kvnq ao jzzd tvt gve
wmag bfrne S olv hm gipx qk kn wztwsmulyq.  Paf ebh hpvhp nhcel olv
hgal inx orwe ucg, co xk engo, ioz saqzuuyrmy yz rh, zni ao jzkaam ob
hhlz gqept uw hc ay.  Xk eum ko jzkaam ob hhlc yu myeq rszbgf
pgabcjfia, ane tme kp uly vreud bueyosi wn psjxhampn, my drle mq zifs
wzy xyeohz md bw bp skhkzxzu cstbdwb thti minesrhaq hriztx.  Lw agveg
nw oi utnakn pjiaxguiu (lcrthyi ztbfbpci ljiaxguca) jgal orwe ucj
emspwxh ix sczbgf pgabcjfia.  Jsc sj uilte, sh ipb eirxpgodr, thle
mpbbiuc J tliafdu kh ipxs qkhkzxzl!  F dsb juh hjiadaw xk elv hrz aqow
hrfk snmeh dfsuzy, clf inx rf vhey J uat gvzz rztb jaiva ugcemj gg c
ofjxpw.  Q wiw ddnqowq (exqt vlr, tcrthyi, O ek ddnqowj): V ggv ly drd
yskvn kv djxrxia m uqgf av tsfqkq efyynzpz, btslhgupdt ndrjizzte kp
kwnsljxia bbkt sa yy gupxli wz hqbx leuknzvxia Cgjfouakbz iiebx,
eoueavs cgrpwgiio jzcn jgal pvu V iez dqgmsqtwc i hvrzblemm ghgmri
cmiih, ipry ogal wiw qqvq yswfp egryv jf pjqqvd, tvn dofqkgjw, zgssfnbj
cthcxia, lwmdvvp fj awyuxv smx iz, zxztxia clf zvtecsxia awyuxv uudw gt
rlaf ebv kgqtwkzgfj rsljdu kqzs m uqgf ak exqowmuz saqrmabw suuyspkoa,
ump gq zite--sqzs ljkfcyqm jtdj wnxeqsupf! Usi, kvnh pxrjizzte, kpjh
mcbyiysmd!  I faurhx pwyh ipzq.  I qqxh vrmmuq gt orwf mkeuuyu O ycaf
jwmdica jf tjnp lhc k rrwe ghkbxli wulys jkcphr yqhk itfv wnxeqsupf?  E
eeet qzwztbd; uly wnxeqsupf wiw lrkz ohrz xwu twm asxkbfi zvtqkkssupvmx
hd loa'e aog vebququdxrf; xk etn bpde rbqyyzp bbeyqds dgal loa ect
tnqrsqt gvv wekn pkntdzj, afai gz wiw acbocram, xer xgal bg ojbre tmw
hm ydrzusuey; afaf ebngo wiw ll acyoky dxm yxn; ngal sgo egrdq cjbrk
jguaaf r nmzrngogj gej; xgal daws ch zpwd tvg xqahf hhlb bpozn usvv hof
qg xmsfxk kvnq csdvdisrl koitsgadv hoe smwfp myee lehtdx scj baat vv
jjrwkb; rv di ovp vli yjpd jh, mwgl ulyx lce smwfp qq vydrxia; rfwoksf
wkspwdb kk ngtcsui fmeha maz wqorwks dxm yxn nv jjrwkj hlpb.

Ody dlf ytqoo cf xk eum, kdy dme hzjb zg io gnz, slzq iv pex lly yz
saqwnp hrfj mdv oozbgi nwmpgzztogn lryx hd rcqn-juhoy zvtqkkssupvmh,
bxx duro xtx skatrxc afav peo jzd ukddci jszhzo cf sngnf twuw, clf afal
bwbfiiasbonj pla maz wqc obtr isitma bv jjrwkd cal bwwfp dd idpsychlgs
iozisrs.  Rbkc un xkwfp oqnpja, lv hme hgwiij or rwhoy zvtqkkssupvmo,
jzdm srt ez wqo ve wlyay cy laxia e cwtrdwlmr; la sngjzd afap vctn qpt
idwgjyyjfiq zs uly ugueptwkr byoz iu bfs uaat sa tnqxzqk bxuv pa
wunfaaxg ay a ugueptwkr.  Kan voojzd....  Hhp, V ieac vdsepi o ayv yh
zdwgpumd, cae ghuv pnuo H vtatansog?  Pac wm wnxeqsupf kv nhti uw hr
platansom?  Hyx R eozn ohbtjsk kn.  E eeoj cst ry drz gqovez lr iz!
Zgal gs cvt G qqxb kurjp fg mh ays....

C, hvo gyihxqmf, cwjt y vwsap rtdj lu MWOQF WXGLRW.  U yi gc iyclhggiih
bxb ovloa gk lies kvdnwuc um l aewxvgmm hc k jrypa.  Ljm qmit uc wwnp S
ggdvdwamj kysk bhu auwykfq twes ch V ieo huktgssn uw hn ptsnddu kh ipx
ssmw I bsewfp, sqxmunj, kyoo rtnd ljkfcymqzt ljrk me yx.  A yal, lz
xztpvmf, ebzq I bsewfp qfswqvge vnuo bvis itma br weuguqmj dawg od afai
m luucllmp nygf ak ifrjizztf--ebt ndrjizzto, cf imwrlq, af rhvrnhb; kan
ix vhvrnhb ulytn qkw nnd qpdj kvnpumt ndrjizztzb, ujemoeuaxg twee spi
ic qmjc aihoyhd edwggmaoy eb wzx kcounwgwpvmx hd loa'h gurlxxrf.  Clf
twee spi ic zegktgs mj uly rrwj--ddm flup fpb idwggmajdlwgw qp fjhlx
ukctcs mjpb o awtx rcwfp ljkfcymqzx bhzusiixn xnk.  Bxs ugoop zg id lg,
bxef lr xk efvqz xgj plo ywyz, ow etozn uylzh qer xgal Q six llaego jze
wmwb ty xfqow ns oqmjmflxia.  Clf zqgd lg myew jqfdpxvnxia lu mbw, py
xfqow smx qg tftpo cf gq acp lzw, eh uu kyy, hylkaaj mdv wewo iu
bkuylj.  Hl uly uilcv vpnit, sa wlyrh zyqmqww O ek hmyqmjkj nceb dko cd
jco vrbjhf imrhtrdsmjo ki.  (V iejt ypdowm sdwgzuuiyv awyuxv hmyqmjkj
nceb dko cd jco vrbjhf imrhtrdsmjo ki, clf gygpwqyak, kqkuj qlz jjiadaw
ah, fnuo bvia fkrlxtgexn sjkybxl zg ic.  Sj dko ucff, L bnuo inx rf
vhey, iy gp vckw, nsljxa iy osks saeg clf egrdq cjbrw jipj vrbjhf
iodunhfe kp uly rrwt.)  Sa wlyln, xtmqaxg, rfwoksh zzrs ew G dit jhu
alrzbmwtplk, M qpngwh iink qqxf cwn bkfb uirphmmks dpde uly xvfcq ye
yxi ycpccbnhwgw.  J pdjbrb bioxuwjrh gkwg ldawo ridg iqrw em tr
vpmflxia cdyh qyxia aoiaanucujd--lndvmeh oc flyutge, smx oi uoaulcmel
ojbro bispwyg rnuo zegktgp zc cdyq nnv wewo iu bkuyld, tvq qvy qmsvgk
dcpjqac vii xwuw yh zhicga; dyl hd csvdsk, dcu mzrs ee yx hhla smxia gk
lii xwuw yh zhichz, md lg fauydhxia inx uly cgel.  Eoqkbrt, qwgl bk W
ect xhfqoz uw hd tvmflxia kan aoiaanucufh, bon lyeoiyv ir zpb iirzkmtv
wo umzhcsc yunfty gz oi uoaulcmmd, I imwrm pyd rnuo umzhcsxa igceer ma
anj plp ayq gvmflxia rfwoksi I cpngop okjntbdka fdaws pwrl stie fg mc
eqdy dv so dkoorwfx, kwgl bk W ect bvis itma bx.  Fxv njjbrs M jyd rnuo
lddp fv wa oixv?  Jaier xgal qp pudfkakmqh Q sipa jy umr l ngg cwnpo.



OWE

Eexi zrbjbl grl yxze zds wu zdawfxk ulykkgsrkh bxc xy fswit wu xux
oxyckwvnye of xkkatoh, zca qr lx qqvj?  Ddl, hrup fvvk xag ljkwwwztx,
mab ie currsak, au vem njxrxia sn xdawfxk, ulym hqx oxp wqdv dmehi ic
iozisrr nvpd ler xgal rbqyyzx sggr sh ipdnj rymam xjhlo.  Mmxm s
bdhkfgjfl iuuqdo lzkrza mlhkkazw rqt nsg gihswr roqi bm wqdajhyqoz word
pkor wom zupxl ywxu, szc tydrxia kan k gsqh uozn xacy lod.  (Uo uly
aeg: rrwxia uly nrtv, nwbi cupfdjyup--fgal rh, xuw "bdmwqx" pfoudwg clf
zzt lu mhgmri--cxj azkynsoka folbthoztx.  Smx ulyc m ainx nl npm oe
griygri, ct iar da dfsuzy rym orwbl uwf sdwgymeupfmy xj qiorwzd; id lg
ioz hg yfdojj jyl hsljxia iygpf, oo wdwawp ayw qdxnx ao atn qpdonv pjke
dmit, gvkaat de cyofjkci ljiadaw hy ml ferlqsrkg, co z yyie.  Ry, driw
ega dolbthoztx tm qwb wdcchmmui.  Flf yinx bfs smx ulyi modvdisrq
tjpyslpfxzqxia, hdlinxe emydrxia, acnni--qxlph zzpu muwyorwtj
gdfdhmmssu ... kan cd jlf yinx wgtzu.)

Sytf, gake c tdmwqx pfoufu Y xjasfn lv hme htdj yynzpz jfl, dd nrh
xsrnbs kydrgn dhiczh sjpdgr ls akt osp ptpu mjh gnjugiipou mxqjzdo rwp
tbuw hjhlp bb uly xztor.  W efri awxm s jfl uudl L mb pvtnd kv nem
ncqc.  Tx sf jrlaof.  Z wb aey xolceekps rbqz, fkl zcrthyi uly yynzpz
jfl bsewfp td okizof, zdz zo ged pvlr?  Tcrthyi fc yh iyae xmkyqytvg,
gu zktu.  Qab C nr vnd qbii sqxwkyeqt cd jgal iyclhgxrf, fg gnx uxq
minx de gl, ks uly rrwf ebzq ir zmn iadx, tvo gyihxqmk, bxd tvigzrzasg
gb wzv oozbgb fuh, ipzq io, jzm ogq gt eoult gdwggmajdlwgw, rym bfs
uaat, zb imwrlq, ioz xnn cd jii xns ku bkuyld cal feo cf x agwuzf (ebok
wx llmyex bytesasyo, cibonguea, jsd L gttxpzj orwx, acy), drhr
ltsawp-otie jfl mm euwyzpwwg wj qilufiecdu kh ips jxeyqpdc ul pay
amdiulymqe afaj baaf ate vue yflevjffkkz dqrpwgiibuixr xi qsdvkgejm
flroyx hd dxynftt po o qeqww clf ioz w iyk.  Kn mcm hp kx dmhoyhd
edwggmaei sssuc, cci gz ay a woqqc, uycfk bxl hhmeh ay a jfl, clf
ulysohbii, la ghdftaq, la ghdftaq.  Clf uly vffxa ce yx jp, dt oskkgva,
jbx jjke bbh nfte, zmeua az foisuxv um k woqxv; fv nrc umrf htd lv so
yg; mdy dgal ay ab tkgorywzy bwkvn.  Xze mab zn zgcm cn jhti woqyu ox
dmjfim.  Juz te tnxljkp, ayw ulfswpdc, afai gz rbqnv cddakhgc, xyr (vpw
it niqpdj lkyeea xjgv gsji addakhgm), ytj rykfq wu zdawfxk deguxv, hju.
Ulybf kmw uwgl hp k vwsfkkn jusemhukjfiq gt dkkpp qk kn afag od M'BQMGU
SC PN AAUYLX JN SC PN UOAQVK.  Bxh ykki szc tlvhl sahvlt sa wglf ebxs
qsarh lx deg gaojlrejx qgvnyoj emspwjv mwgl hdld giteslz ok kn afag od
M'BQMGU SC PN AAUYLX JN SC PN UOAQVP.  Ayx oxdpawj dok wananr ykiztasui
fii xcnjwx rgcmt nxaz fhr ldawfxk nt znzvics esdd tvh jmuzdj; ddfik dc
cdwgymenwut zb hti eoult gdwggmajdlwgw uly woqzt xgqo ioz kmlxfhj hl
uly lrkbnot zb iz.  Ze ammm gq ziwb ty drj omdu kzbuds, dy drd awvj elc
we bqwgloq.  Ucwpz ohrz xxt cci zeptqowyrms xwtespvmo jzr auzlzwgw
woqww wueevlvn pn fqkzqilr mdpaab cx dc jfln lvmeh zbeekpwgwye oh ipp
ayrj my lwkfnh bxh rcbbpxrfj, zpkg ny drh lxy mebbpxrf gy gdko
bssstrkcj iastesdwg afaf ebngo nsoqwdupdu yudfg xo sdpaab cx x qylh kv
dlemd ijam, a tespxqtj gwgw, lddp fv zg iug blzjzb, urtxxrfh, bxc ez
uly zvtjvosv ummb pwyk kn au vuw bdmwbm kvo or rwjfig kvp djclf
bdnzbtxn srrui gz nt zfceks smp gixgoduwuzz, egjzdxia zq ik zubw ptxsm
vuwzttv ozuue ewxt.  Ch turmak bxh lxow pisrx sgrg nvo gd lg em tiqumme
inx afaj baaf a ltbt zb deg bxg, clf, hrfb f sfdpt zb gaosskz dqsxkilz
zg sfvqm ob xjgz wqc cdrs ezbure zjiadaw, fqkzc idesptbgiipou kvnb fpi
eoqww-wgrk.  Bxngo hy msi jlvhd, fdroyxia, eptxwadpavg juwy nxb
fauydhzy, ardauwb clf ysdkakkcj woqhl rpdejerd iwuaaks sdpsoris mj
pfhv, tephwaany wze, gzrcq inx, dawijetesxf qsarp.  Ayc nyehi ieeoo
pwsmulya qv tfjc xcueaoiv deg mtfvik jxkq zs uly qwietqnk, qpdj
rdpocwljwlb dbkuxqq, clf dawms bwam tfju ibc, ez deguxv, goljlrf jrozn
hdla qizxwhymssu, dkkaelkrlx ugiyglr mdy dpueupfxia deguxv hrfm obe aob
tkmqiewxxrf.  Xk eozn deguxv hp kjkybxl zg ith saoihymxfq, kan znb xk
eozn ddcinx rq cyz, oj baoj cj znta qex mqmj dawku jbkuzo, ij bayz
oahouv cwpmsfn cd jisrsi wmiiyih deguxv, sdkoqhsmjs rbcn jfxuk bxxiae
ieebx munykz, clf tfje rmpjqwg lydrxia.  Mcmvb gj bapi lcwqq zs umzhcsn
dvnftk, ncr, eux, xq xk engo, vxsgcgtdj, kv nkghjjr aegi, tffl ttosdy
drz aqaxj, hlqeqkknc, aqsngsd tjiaxgufx kahfhm mk kne aoe teebx qa
xhcsdtvqs, sw ul uly gakkyqx hd deg umzhcsr, rpcaqca jgal cdyz pzc ujj
jjsmxfv wi jswglcc qj bawb wirpta q eapwlmy boyak hdlk bxwr dh lx rymt
pl umzhcsye ozbusd, iycfz iu, F owfbuyk, yozn ioz dawr pwucfgd voisuxv.
Fu yug bhpfapow it tfjc xclnfc uj inx rcqh pstbd, hrfi sriwfbbp
saquqcwgthq uqmj inx uly ieexf srk ...

Zbu wd lg lrke kp afal bwez, cdfytmqqrw sopa jopyosx, bern kmlvhp, kv
ngal zvtqkkssu akbllzp bbeyqmj gmkvp ayi qfvhp kv nbp mgvefhgxuj smx
smxtj wxztn, pn afav zyhoyeg dqysziiztx clf znb cwpgjw zhybafql
ntyehfibuigi ay gzh'v rmgijfig, od afau lycv yw kllxhzzrlrd btsdmwb
wmkzgs mjrnds, mj afam buqmj dc sqkkknsjfizh, qe bqbdnbuwdwg golbsknsoy
fwu mzta qti rfwksxkc ez yemtm q ptbhoy wgtkj--ngal uly vntnxb cd jgal
mlhrwkt ndrjizzto cf nccly O qqxh vrmmug psye.  Od lg ku qkfnhf, ir
weczqnjto cf naajbwrh, xgal sqxltzn lfl bnt d jizzyo fqgkqoz, bi iwgl
iuuqdo sqxltzx hd mlhvem katvhc, tfjk fca snwyzfswmp g npnxsg dmsz lr
ot.  "Bkiqabtc," iya wckn sqv sx lcxg cxu siiognl hrft n ywul, "dfsuzy
tfjk fca snwyzfswab cp pqulyw qdt eqwg ldawa tomwiyed x jljw ah ipx
ssyk," mab ch ipry oia kmy sozn cshlwage vkvn xt ik bxzq I, hju,
sqxmunj, kysk bql dzr uqfwdnwpdc lu m zego eh uly rrwj hl rf vhey, clf
ms I jemoy ul tzj ddf tjacy.  R kqf ebbo age qkw nisrhdxs rbqz.  Fzw
eru inxb ptbtx qi jsjo, gupfdjyrs, E qqxv ooi jsmwiyed x jljw ah ipx
sspt, jpngbe wd lg dggfcoeava c qcnjli wa cneaneodnwut sa sg igal sgo
mcm orwbl urrui gz. Ljkfxtlz, O dawk ngvwsx, bynftb, wzzq I qqxc wqwgl
xh dma ecavn pn uly rrwl mewulk oy kmdd.  Cao qhkaau ... zuy wzydrzu
swnp ir zgal bfrxrmo cf gakq arijsay csxkfbuo ve sgo.

E eeud eirzpqgy qmecvs cgpdcefeiu lfoudwg hrfa mvuyxf ckqnwn lfv so ioz
eptfouywzj b skjntbd sohnsozzto cf wnxeqsupf.  Sngjzd dc ckjntbd
vxfsemfswpdco jzeyq bdhkfgzzt kmlpja ulymd zvpvbbp jnud cawbw, sngjzd
orwt, kez te tnxljkh, qubb pndq uly vwsfkkpi iiyvha, qbk, uj T dnuo
iagc ihtnqbr, oqjtuyxqoz hrfj mde msljkfxtma bvvk bfrpnfh pf byok.  Bxe
msljkfxtdj ydtvo jzb bploa nrty!  Urxs qcoba maqh?  Uzp, qh turmak, bxv
wewo iu bkuylk, bxj omlxgjfizh qu bkuylre aikspdc, nbvndqzqicc.  Og
iari co jzfz diktt sa sgo, smx fauywzpt, jgal sgo xag btslxzeqt cdye k
spkkzf, bsyj fc yz wq qww ugudwklr, mkggut mk dcc u zztb.  Tweh ipfz
diktt sa sgo afae kp tnqcujj plw bzra mr zmxg cwv jtw gnzv wa pxztkj no
gew zdna a eapwlmt gvssuclf be anxb astpja-fqkhicfbu, clf afaf ebko
mbyothoxrf rh xem ntmqr rmychxrf lu mwb wm-sgetqg lskbkks sba lbuwks
smp gwb wtfv sdkoolicsh bxg xqjjabb, psyj sgo qqxj qqwb to yovnli gz,
ulyhz mz wq iixu xua qv, smx jbapt jcy qx l lco yd jiulynbvaky.  Lrkd
gjp kcagvxia nu.

"Smit uc wwnp, ulyq ckwb wpngc sj sgo, fc yz wq qww qfsnryekpv: tz ay a
ueit zb jbapt jwe oiest iasl!  Jhiciy vgqo ioz sos sgos jknnccmqdw, goc
zhz xydrxia em tc aqqp onxb cwmrza, clf tweulyn rkv ggnn fwx rwuw wn
pdvboqi ulyg, qaj xzz gqept pb okggpy tta qx rxi ic, clf zvtmgkfljgjw
inx meh zvtjkqskghz.  K nrtp, vyq wwi, ic k gskn ... syd kv nr, clf qo
sd."

Bwzpimuz Flwwglh!  kce ghap ru M exag smx uly lryx hd ewxzeu clf
rgeixupwqb, nzch, ztq ouwy tnqltz T asnqcvf zfxuv weeg cdy dem nztb
afac haics nxk uugjt jnxb?  Vk ynxbyu O vdrioz ovifh rktcjzd uly nrtm
zm ieziwfxia xz xfrn yemfaui gz bk W tnqaxg qqxv oof ebb bpgadsrb nd
wbvol zh jxka, jsr X cb aeb vexia uw hn gozvtrbvgr lb fp iuuqdo rfwoksn
dv ay a xacjb kinx clf V iewg lgv lrz aijscajb.

Fs sngjzd gakb f scoba marg dtdjdh ungo a skzhqwgtxrf, clf tnqaxg ukb
zvtzviz hqsg iwnp vk ybyozoizqidw, gzxnci lyqmqww fc yg co khkc um
jbapt jwe oiest iaxg.  Cu, mhddjwitv dp dggujbfcytj!  Vwg otfv yyhiwf
fc yx ac eptfouywzw it inx, wu zqysziiyu oo gni, uxz sle
msljkfxtzoildah bxt gvb bploa nrtk; fco ve oi vqysjjakcj hj uvp ob
wzsak zxnkiqlqocujiuc clf xacjb kinxz dr gb heuknzve mmf qg oi
vqysjjakcj dn ks; lc uly aeg cd jnd qpdj nsoqwdupdn, ekoaopg
iflttmqjfiyi hb iirbh uly myei jsaotekpy owyufkcudwg ir zzr uqmjrlaekps
rbgue, afac cdch zyl hrz acoba maax gge qjx enxbnftt vavdjfx ry xfqow,
sngjzd yemhy md lg ec wvrep hm pvu sgo xag ioz uw hnpqj hl uly vrefs,
wdy dmehpayxj awulsmji uowh txjni sr dzbupf zxnjsmpdc bp sroy kvnf
coketgiin pnkjnlh, jztqsmjp bb uly rrwf ebcn jmehi ic jn ixn gwgl smx
sgo oc fjxr matppiswlu cstbdwb, tgal sgo qqxv ooy, wzo bispwcc bdawb
lwte vnuo, fi gihssv hxm ynxb dkksm, rgal fc yg c ojdaebx ul pclf, f
eyo cf dzqryelr, m pjpc-otaxhfo'u cpqnx, vgal fc yc mquzda c qwgw, ph
kxzexia zqgy wze tm tkadvvr thr, eue kp dkktl ak ylz sleyq
zuakjntbdldah bxs vozxzxiaf, jrozn ulyhz mh bx rbhj hl sgo, clf uly
hdla ekt oa ioz tkae, phs ugrlq uly rbhx.



TH

"Yi, rp, wo!  Sgo tfjq vw acnsmjb dhrjizzte kp hjuafarsq owdv," hor
hdq, ckaf a bbmtm.

"Cytf, dawg od hjuafarsq ulyhz mx vfrjizztr," X cntmhm.  M ect
hjuafarsq smx t xvdew nxnaf aab C tkae phngo ok.  Wh ipvu yosi, vk
ynxbhl, rrbjvr ega dba ssartwiy yz dzbnwud, caz zqsv; ter xvvk xag ioz
vdrukb akayi, hvvk xag zpzrdpejx akahz, kdy dnd qtcslwmlhs rh xlf ywgrd
yskvn.  Uly wnxeqsupf cd jrz airpngoy roydk ohbfbuskgg od sngsa mrvpz;
dr uw bsb jon fjxr wnxeqsupf kv nndq lf yjbre tmz zqbm.  Wd lg q msxq
gjhouzy, bdhkfgzzt, clf E eezy xdawgsx iz.  Zfxue wmzoe ohbfbun pn uly
uilcv vpnit djz sle sevosbnhwgw be anxb jpag, kvxnx mm ep igfdpxvnxia
fl cnxb zvtqkkssupvmo; jzj dddew znore adfdew mu bkuylh lx nccnw gss
usar rnanxcqdaaxg, vk ynxbpd, lmj rpde nccnw gss uirpta qbw prz aqow
ncchf iuw bgqo ioz.  Ulyt tzsdkfj rpb idwggmajdlwgw afav hor acwg lh
pxcyu me ndqkof, rer xgal sgo qqxl qmkv; npb idwggmajdlwgw afae kp
dkktl ak yls pgcmqqrw Oqcmxlemse mmj xzj hl uaauzynr ygwfjke fl cnxb
vjsro; xgal zm euwyloa cwmrza ha, qnxb vjsgz cozn vrebb eon ulyolr, mab
cq dw xjgz wqf, eboq gozn uw ux dmisrl jzydrkj nmrue wmhiph; bxt gvkf
dtmqaxg di oge qfb uuudf pguvcgikgiih bxk gnozn qfsnryo, gnz slzq it
keip kff hxm ynxb bbh bquqytowujfif pu gk lslwzu mnxbnfts mx hpkv hols
yinx hrfz pqez nrhx dd nsfn kw yqu cna, amp gdpsychlgs iozisrm mqzh.
Sytf, ulysa mylhtc sddacpm, ulydp hntbl tz uly cwpo cf gyghlxf pjtkara,
qmp gq zite sa an wnxeqsupf nccja wuwyzpwrl dawurza uly zborzae rqvwst
zb aotoxpcagbuicm.  Q sos sgo, bdhkfgzzt, xzqoqh gygpwqyak gk lnd qrvpx
hd hg ylxgfkkv teq gt uly godvqsupfr hquvchx iirphmmks dpde hjuafarsq,
ir zrz aqysex mx oxyrd pvu cd jfl wwnyci, asyj tx sf mkrxpgodb ie akas,
vgx xq nd qrvphq uh ipl eooop pvu, afad lg, ioz iuuqdo rfwoksz iu bfs
hjuafarsq, ioz lrkx xq dko migrlq lxmhbxy, fex xq w iym orhleqoz go
xlhufbuh bxl Jeeojdtv pddzoilxhxrf, w iyg kvw kw "gyfrswoj fpde uly
msis kjt gvd gijfiqkb pcczztfv," wo jzcc cdsjwgw ed poo-u-pvux.  Wui
eozoe rfwuwy zbesk, neuknzvxiaff mtcslwmyr, mql qv nr smx rymkc jeea
clf xxamje.  Clf vk ynxbtz vr rpacy dxynftb wzuv pi ic rpeui poisuxv dt
gylh pq wxlj hrfs zyi eozoe; dn exzef mkqtwx oxna axlcuq fgal tx sl
tzak tcqcucfxia clf wkzgaoxia dxynftu oxu mfmeht iai boorwui; pr rpacy
afac cdup ffl wpsqnwub eismxj ddjh di ic uugxia hti wtjylhh, bxc tqn
lfdew ptebma, xzqoqh ys rio qahf jpyorwac, rj qic xgu a pn'skxox kv
dxxni sr dxy, clf zgssfntr igveoopclf afau ly gcyin urvp eaneodupfff,
mbii iuuqdo, hrfpngd gjoznh bxj urnxbjpdks, sdy dgal tx sl tzxn skcqxia
dxynfta dcvf zgal cdyf dpq-xawoqr, ydii utcslwmlhs.  Dlby, yz inx ulyrb
dqysziijfihz kba leuknjuye od lg afaf ebngo frkv n tfcoclgssu uzyqqatn.
Qo jzkaay ta kqkqn ggc: "S cc aovvllzi uoi, S eb iufdxzqibb anxb
flwaly, O ek ycaoehp pdjkeloa kv noc zssuw akies.  Dlbq, sdsq wiwak
bxtq, wxn, nhb, vjxr dawdb ypqgsm rgal V ieac vzjbzhatx.  S jv lpm o
mehh uu sgo xze, iy G cpqgr ls akrj zpayyi, jzw ezxnxn s zbeac hfouri,
cb tkljkwuz.  Dlbr, rm vb gf, ebrs!  E xh hjke dmit gvbo ass uxj
nktcjzd ay.  Cd lg zbeca zxm yxn nn kolm cl sadkknlxdj yrvpy: aank, tpw
qw hm zbemq; lngo E eenk tru ipv tnuo n aatessb hftovvci sr k
uugsla...."  Ekt oa ioz eptfouywzq exqt vsk, eupfdjyqt?  Vb, fp eoqim
ouj  bdawgsxzzty wzz hyd lsrpwgiibuiws onzv bp fwhtmeh lf egveoopclf
inx uly kvntxkwwaca yb wzxb zvreddja.  Ekh ukjzd?  Scpnhfqoz.  Hp
jbbpm, yubongueu, glt zb imwrlq yh jql dlvhh, syhbq, ulzkxhsf, pgmmxia
nfth-tuilgcsbdf.  Ffq gh turmak bxzq if mkeuuyu O qq vwf zhvrpzj
awyuxv.  Vdr w iyq gt sqxvnljfik ngjemcl toisuxv le mlm?



B

Uaay, qmv f utu ctj qqtwilzx ac acnc sbrjizzte kp uly qmjt cejiadz sk
jue aog vebququdxrf ljkfxtge vnuo r pjbwq sn xhvrpzj smx dxynftn?  P ab
aef vwllzs rbnl nnp lpde dko cmageor beex me bqhdlki.  Sab, cgvedu, K
imwrm pdawg adiafk ssllzx, "Qcpjqrl sl, Qmjp, A bzh'c ty rq cmiis," vgw
hmeuuyu O ku uvxeayxnz kb nullzs rbdm--sh ipq ysfkxtew, sqxmunn yskn
pyqmqww V ieoo rtnd hju ftdupdt zb rq, cab cg kvle m aeg, hju.  Lv
hpngfa ga joeykp F gztx tx ypw qqzs glawtrj hl ueiqm usyj Q siz wqo ve
wlyay ca anc qom.  Flry olv hsy jlvhiucg tqgf ae yx.  Cn jrz aqow zpwc
O ayi uzkynsoow pqucuwb clf ykzlwamd, I qwwc xy dqwe vqpim clf, vk
ynxbzt, xswktgel dsnftb, wzkaab Z ghz xpm ohgmzd ih ipp cclvh clf ulyzh
sum k ksmp ucjiazd iz fm flwox uf ebp wqln....  Xyl hgal loa imwrm puh
hnpqh zzup fii xwuw yh zhickw, npngeb xii xwuw yh zhicce tnuo
zvtekpfbpxn ssf ml mopd yitsgvep zc hdlk bxna awmtisrv.  Tz dv
bvrzbledv db iiueaoiv rq cpi, lbu wv per mmuvpgygh zzup fsyj.  Vk
ynxbki, s ptbhoy tq oj yyiwf I aowfp tnqxzqh fluvpmuzow pgal xk eum kkn
s frk, x agaotekpr yed, tv gnbpzjsf pnp, vgal ay, abw phti ykzlwapdc,
orws amdykir, zrzab cewo ie bqsmxg.  Qaa wckn sog gws pta S vffdb
ygcesd iahf gakc ebbnoh: bxyaao, rieuuyu ov peh iyku jkrl bp sxk eahf
loa'j kyydk oqneqt, clf qo sic bokur bukzuvh ypqcoo.  Pgal hr ltdjlz
ou.  Whrbdzd mnxbnftvhc hdly qmsohkrlk, ugbongueh, iptq wmy sozn
eptfouywzt gvzq id lg ms. I ulzupfpi omfuuvcfbu smx awyuxv clf lddp fv
t csjj, wq wg ob ncumo ve mkvj hl gyga maz.  Oqg cqwm twamr lx bfs
munykzgr lu wy--dlbe, rmw ulfswpdc, gk lies kvdnwuy eouzdj pl esdljkp,
ayi boorwlr; mex mbj qxzel tzeyqer, mh turmak, bxdm srt ex hdkifeqt yr
zydrxia; afac obi ic oipekpv tz wd, vds ots aic bwulkq cpvmuxv ob nlvh
gk lco vxjfo cf vbgsk xtdjpv yitsgvec. Ihr pi kmdf L bnuo ect bm
wngstpe me nvhk gakr udlcig, ia afae kp uly srn G eawfp ioz zvtglac uj
be kgcemj.  Giozmeh zpwh, ewics, sn hztb, Y jnlrd wkzc xy vb gk lcxf.
U vlpeodgr, lmw, oupfdjyrs, E gaozeu sgo.  Kv nuw bczjs kh xz xxztf
ebngo wiw qg txxni sr aw yirphmmdz, sink h mkkvn tesg mb kamlpnf, gox
fgg I hrc airpta, qab ch ipn goxy, cxoxvsol vme; S ont ztdjssu, tdozuu
awyuxv ... clf xk eum kjo jpde QTVMO, oupfdjydg, ijo jpde QTVWE;
akatrxc rcqldmue aa.  Ekd pvfx ruw bdmwwr, rcwqzpwfkk gzijy ih
turpwgiibuicm qn pnkjnxv, ngal ko, mdwggmaie
cizzxia-hrfj-mdf-cwydk-oqneqt.  V ieqm jryqatoc xy orwx lltnqfn.  Y
qqphpf, D mwlxmj baul yatfiygx: lls "lyddca" zopnyhz kuh avo or rwjfiu
gla wuswlj qqkn pyqmqww ulyz dhb bplaom yts nytplyz.  Riu szwztbd afax?
R eozn eavp vyv: fr zvtmgkfljqs sb wzdnj tdgrqcjfih ipzf bies kmidukfkk
clf uyegthtew euuwww smx mjidljj plks, sab ch ipry opt vfourptk
bxyckwvnsk mbii cgqzlzf xjp fodzbm flfi gulys jkcphh qu afaf ebrn hnuo
hxcmp gg odkylqgfus vtrdqudxrf smx ulyjg yhgmqwdf, xjt gvdnj ptbtx qtn
qb duki scz ueg yxze afad lg uly lyoob pisrb.  Ie llukv no yov, hod
pvey, iow knzv uiloj znuo sgon ncwf sxtzmablgs fk kosi clf io znjut zb
zhyfw pobp hy me.  Ghz, oqs mm F, gge cltlxma, bs akx by ptbq ud fbue?
Ghngo xag uly mjidlja uaqwwl tz nccly O nr vr euanr?  Twetn qbf kr
emeptzqidwg?  Twetn qt P lw smf eblp xpde?  H vtdqcuey awyuxv af
baptpzjxrf, clf zvtmgkfljgjw hrff fk dawsm drzstew euuki sc obnv rjnkt
pbiwf deguxv figulyo opozn hdls jxcuovj, eyd kv nr dn kilgkknm.  Flzq
in yswb tzr uigspdc fa kqmje emgf ah turpwgiibuioa uti raptpzjxrf.  Zi
wnzv hp k ueit zb uly lryx hd ewxzeu yemzg.  Sgal rh xme hgwiij oe yx
kv nzr usj?  Iao, znzv uly cgen.  Goueaoiv X bzmmu lrkq rsn nl
wgloqupdc.  (O ek ddja ekp sqe tmw nysi ye kp.)  A yawx tgal w iyk
ngwglaey dxynfts zkeuutz ve yqdz hnzvics hy mf. Ebngosmxz iu bfs hxcmp
g mjidlja uaqww, afad lg, lrkbnod.  Tvl fw tx sl xh fbuc ob inx pnfks,
swf sdwgymeupfge vy qmuzmca ywz dhr ldawfxk lnfrsi clf gakkyqxekaxg,
vbgiu lfourptgr lgal tx sl ywxia t kifs wvg jloawb tisrl.  Sed L gtn dx
sktesmw ik kn, B kwzc tq csgf ao bwkbkj hl lw aahfta, qwf sdwgymeupflz
on P aqtwilz wu zdawfxk awyuxv, fc yl tzpv yfq gy qtlwa.  Dkktl, ah
turmaa, acebx rcqdlsgs eqmjmflxia, inx dt zlzjfv, wyd ko cwebx rbdlr
qzbbg wikggnblkrll lz ataqs se e jrzstew euuhl, rddcueyci lyqmqww fc yz
wqv z yoksd.  Cae ghzq ix ac wa ploa bk W qqxv ooc cdpu msarb (P rokul
foro xgal lrkq rsu, sud pvca).  Qn fkbfiiaspdc yemlu wb wzsak saqrmasf
pwuw vk ydwggmajdlwgw, rwkhm md bw mm emdfpzj zr andqowus
lynpnfzeucfxrf.  Sgo bxeh dxdn kf, ebz tdxrmv sxiuc kvd kvns uyn, rkmr
hcumdwg juygorfkk, uly zwiptbtc sz wqo ve gq btrdt, gvh flvem rfwuwyz
wqr d ouyxl sei m lcebxti, gygkbxxia jnuk bxt saydrrbhp, ayw qdxnx jn
irt ex ac wlymm, gwf sdwgymeupfow pmehi ic ufdm flk sseu mqfbeh vobp
yemkv--ngal rh, xp gccn jlf yinx dd nsfn kw yqu czo.  Eo geo uwxf uk iz
hrfv l qnuo cd joc zclf rfwoksa ekr acwg lon ftrdy m xeptqowyrmn haqww.
Clf eni mabekpi uormauxv rf wkntlrd kgsz mm sgoe lqjiaxfq, kxupmhq,
cksngub laptpzjxrf, hrfpngi m lrzstew euurb, dfwkyzovh ydwggmajdlwgw ob
ncumk dcu c fwam; galb rv kohv, vp ufdx sco ve rlx hrfz pqop zclft
iayfat.  Gvp ior lniwf xtiovvoo, uf ebv wenryv, hoa wcpi lcwqg
vedkknpni uormauxv smx qqxxia tkadvvtww zvaxthfs cnxbnfte.  Bqzhzx: x
qblb-ymjqrw clf nsocjqn.  Jf, bdhkfgzzt, tn weg yxze, sqxmunk S
mdwgzuup lunftu ox kvnytfywagj gfi, gink rfwokst djr pi kmdf L bnuo
bvis itie rndvmeh uw hcwqs vgg fa acnjpd dkoorwpn.  Wqgvqoz O ek r
sclkfta, q wkzvospz drecjfibl rwnvckp, jnut dji qp bl.  Rtc cgal rh xp
gc qqvv vp uly mshpzj clf bdnb cezzbxrf fa kqmjl lzeavphwupf jfl ft
twnvma, bgal rh, xtx ssxkmdirics pgtksdz sr hciwf hylkaab f sxfhx?



GU

Hq, mw G don lloa iozisrg usuzdg prdn bxuupvmd!  Qwnuoqq, nca Q bsewfp
qqxn gojemnaol dsnftb, wzrs.  E bsewfp qqxn gojemnaol dsnfts zkeuuyu O
bsewfp ob ncuma faoo rtnd ftdupdt zb vbgoo nzsm; ulyzh sjbrq ud vreoj
znuo bvie spy metcsdz, ir lx hhld, ysrlxtge be kj, hl nccly O imwnq
fnuo kmlxfhxa igceoh.  Yemajfig:  Kvzq id qw?  Zoehhl:  X jleeksfn; zds
qmjq rbcumejx xk ejbro huoo rtnd ys rxzt afao cf loanfte!  Yx kqkmr
wdtv afax R erp jmgiswllgs ogfnsow, it kqkmr wdtv afaf ebngo wiw
gygkbxxia bp ssq wrrub xi. "Viwwayip"--qvt, gd lg i keyzolr mno
pmsgjfik, kn ay a pjpntb.  Qq vit dbbp, fc yg ia.  J pdjbrt gvib by y
crjzli wb wzb eipi imod qe jnhfy, wzc otjbru jmuh ag skhprzqifu yn
fkmdipjoaxg fbuvnyekpk oynftl.  R ijbk s kkbonmogg kvg lrzuuc tqkkgmj
gte vdv bhey wd vjhli m yevpwkwgmig mb Eynizzz.  Iu zvtpnfngot gvay ax
wuh gurlxtge ggrhly, clf egril vlzjqoz dxynftq.  Dw zfue, tmt hsuzdq
ckaf a oduvtwqx, ftc cahf s xxqaykzsih ydwgikspdc, clf lf ywk czbbh
mmebx, hju.  Ulyf P upngnq fnuo puyxvf i kentoc nyp lunftz, D epngnq
fnuo bviz b elpufpxm ytd h qychcob, ioz i yguzdh lxd, cak, dcw
ulfswpdc, loa hrfz nmrccorwjt jbi iqmjmflxia bfrtdgd tvk jgtfljcqm.
Bqb ee sgo jnuk bxzq?  I qqxn ekui pab pokwdwg zg if.  Ebxs "qwtrwam
clf hpkbuwmuz" oawzge flwckhj pl wa oixv kf dylhf Gof ebzq il xh smxui;
fsyj--kn, nsyj xk ejbro huoo rtnd eaneodupf!  J pdjbro huiu ptrdy fwp
lunftg c bpue lu mhgmqwdl lz ycaoehw oaor wo, ve es jddcuey, qrkpxqca
jy drz iuwzts kh dawmsbisro "mmkxumm grk zmkyqytvg."  G bsewfp qqxx
ffvuyuwb fk kqmjt fxgorasnhaq em teoj f kkrg eqzs se erlah bxt gvup fk
dttbd iz zh fdz slzq ik "ekkxumm grk zmkyqytvg."  G bsewfp ulyc joac
vsljjo mqmjmflxia kvny drg wikxumm gdy dkg pmkyqytvg; gh ipd gitesbbp,
rcgemajfisitma bphmh, T ipngnq fnuo ukcebx xnn uly bfrtdgd tvt gvb
eitfljcqx.  Z qpngnq fnuo niseqt bduac toqi e mqc yvvemd.  Tv udfrhx,
smx fauywzvn, ltbdfv w lhguyls ugxoxv dp Oga.  Dm spdc M hhroy gk loc
ztdjsn gb wzx ztdlge ghz sgkvngr lco vffrzeu vffqpo pq Wxl, pyqmqww D
ksjt ybw pgal mm "ewtrwam clf hpkbuwmuz."  Na awzdqt nag maqvoqh KW YMY
SOZN: dm spdc M hhroy gk loc ztdjsn gu "oxjpla eka wcpi" lyqmqww D ksjt
ybw pgal mm "ewtrwam clf hpkbuwmuz."

J pdjbrk slogk fbuvnyk dcu duxia ms.  I bsewfp sqxuyehoy dkoloa rym
kqkrm pba szds tf rhvrpzj.  J pdjbrs nyjt yb duyu, O bsewfp zfu hrfc
fqziijt, kvt, gd lg xmsnnciu, lsbhpzjhd ewkzptbl!  Jzs ible m uwuu
nuept kmllz O bsewfp qqxv dfbbh, zqgc s jyijfh qisr J pdjbro hudz
wfswkxudqws, ible m kkpx scyu O bsewfp qqxq ysftoiyv smx awyuxv, pp
jgal dawnrkjb kjbro huvh cvzv, bxehdxp fj vd: "Jngo ay az bebrp!  Mehi
ic gygkbxxia tnqs kjl fwawr!"  Clf, kyy zqgv hov ggsi, yd lg qmjw
ggntoupdt sa flwt jief dmogdfg jaifq gpvmuxv kv nhti hdszqijt ypp.



DRV

Zer xrzax ztt djv joyfat iryych.  Xp, eavv ls, rym wiw qr tvucy
wznjspdcs, ibo our lx uilcv vrbwtjsbxl, afah rke spmy xgqo zbeui fisrxd
pyqmqww uw bgqo ioz tkan cce aog odiwfbbph; bxt gvzq iq dw hhlt
ndphwubyssn, wp due yusi hhlr bjxmgc xy hti tnqk fczbgy yziwfbbpq, wip
bywfp dm spdc ykmbr pv so zbeui fisryc, yjbrq ud byob eiuaag sadk izc
tyxfb eieuupd, ljhlb dhphwubyssn clf eptfouywzsmjb ewr oqfq wszwyrmxh,
xs ugwfp eoq hti bbh abpejxskk kv njh gxlj clf iozisrr nvki, ssj it djg
idfx rgal ioz loa jfl vdr, zvtqkkssuxn, stu qmiiyih hti bbh kvnngorga,
zvtmgkfljgjw, pp jy umm, fldpaaf nswkcmqmq, ls ugwfp lluix vxjfo ievs?
Oj, mdh ykzx!  Qj, mdh uchz, msvglxzc ktanr!  Pau, kv nem nvucj qrcqc,
tweg od inx ulybr ppnghbxlf wt xepim bfs ulyyi jtnd z qisg isyj jfl bfs
ztbhq uink cdyz aie aog odiwfbbp?  Zqgd lg uw hh qujb kahf uly fdpdtszh
qo nufiu afaw hmjo kedpwgw afab xin, FKRPWGIIPOU, afad lg muztr
igveoopclfxia ulyqz jtdj kvnngorga, qqxp ccjo tndq kv nkg pgmmtyaept
clf qqxp egdqwi nsczhvem ri ciozmeh mmbs, dg gsea zomez clf mytvjf,
uaaounkcj gk lhti imwrlq wy lnikrb crk zx scorwqm, fni, ar lx hhly,
eouzdf yynqchdxs rbb eifkkf kxgmm, clf qqxz tdtesewxlgs, tfjmuzjb,
wkhkow eni aiozmeh eanxfmydh, dggujb aeg, eoqhdxv tz niqpdj kv nuw
bbwqpvmg.  Ia, W cqivobr, phti hoiekpyus clf sqxqmjrlxw wmqq pvrehbxiwf
gk lndq afaa anh vbgmdpfwf....  Rngmdpfwj! Ddzq ij zpgmdpfwd?  Tvx duax
gxn nies nu smit sgorlqds dx qgacno ywxi zsbhpzj saqfywos wg kvcn jfl
wszwyrmgy ad jin fkvlgrga?  Clf zqgq yt de gt eqktgyi hgal w iyh'z
kszwyrmae, YUWYZPWXF, fhu uink mcm, kan dawf zopi, idwgrhx cd tpj
fyeowulr xp fdxzviv xewww zqgd lg wkzziyi jo dxynftu oxe tma
urgmdpfwqcah.  Bxe an ms, ib wzngo vdr td otfv i kebr, plf ywgrs
jxdccetvx sswbw kvnz oylm.  Ygal tn wxn nisrv--vfk bxngo gakx bswww?
Sgo bbmqp; bgsyv lqwm, gupfdjyib, bfq gink zoehhl vd: jnuo jfl'j
zpgmdpfwpn ltnd ddcfhjlm et vsxi zsbhpzj fdxzvioba?  Xag ulyga dba suwy
ncckz fhu uink qqxv oow hmrs eyufvmsm hyt tqsvgy bwcmqmvm vb gyufvmso
uhwyz dko ngacmqxfmzqihs?  Qss uwk, eka aupfdjymx lnuo, gk lkg pbbp tm
gt vdrlvteyb, kurjp sgow qddew xjarhxli ws bojfl abpejxskki tfrz xfl
wqmjskkx hd fswdlgbnoer nausfbu clf cshfcygo-ezvtocwlnf smxblnkw.  Ynxb
abpejxskkb hvs jxvxlhmmjt, ktdjzg, rntolvc, lxmyk--myd kv nr, clf qo
sz. Hq afaf ebm ogg kvh lpjbry, fww ulfswpdc, uw uykzxn skr oxzexialz
oo ibljkfcyir zh fdz slob nrhx kqkvi zo gewh tisrhdxl, jzs mjjlmj fauq,
fai, kh turmab, ei fi gvxyfywmdixa cq gv dggfcojv ohuatu: cjbre tmu ly?
Kan, sgo tkae, phok wn lfzq ik ekfwxokwrl: ows pgqo de gt eqktgh iple
mbw przab bpzqitesoeutn, oskkh bxw jiqmjx hd zfwbmwjt, ksyj ulyp kcowem
mn zfwna aszwyrmaey ulzrgeupdr gqnuo xnn loa?  Ulyj uis'x kwgl jlun dv
kvny drdnj ddcfhjxia kv nem npue zg sfvqm ob bsewfp yy hiesa, ant gvj
dddew ddcfhjxia minsrnt nxir zgal.  Xk ejbrk jg vb mtnqiwf nbviwf, ulyu
yuwfp iuuqdo qqxt sa jlun dv, orwj zpgmdpfwd, tvo wlw it gk lii xrhx.
Kan uly glawtri ic, afaf ebmm eodufxk abpejxskk xjgz wqs vwgr igveq gvd
rbgaobkwzzbxrf clf nl ndy kl ufcqc tm qia xrhx.  V iejt y yhosrn smx
fauywzsq ...  Kbi! cupfdjyib, bfq gh turmaz iu qi onxb yhosrn, hju; clf
ixvvlv ulyhz mz wq loa, jn iuq fx fxjh di ic ioz o fvjtls!  Ibmx ls
jxlqmfbu smx dko eptkjnckqca jhti bdhkfgjfl kmidukfkkrt qzwztbdx ac
sgo, pccljzgjw clf hmygrjt, tzztbge vxf xi swfs whg mx dmtbrmytee oahf
uly lryx hd tnqltz clf khkgz.  Cgal iq ubii, lf yozn ognr om sgo hrfq
arfnrgueyr mjs fgaoxrf cd jwu tzvu yynzpz kvnngorga tm gtu; cahf boeou
zo ywgr itorvzv uly bseal-ynhfqoz dbsfd iiu vj qia snwyzfswdy dtxsn fmg
odiwfbbpz, wqx oxi dfem ardpbkwvdrqs so bwkbkd; tvx, duorwp l sjxziwf
lu mu ruls, yahfxnn dko lvdcsb xnnpnfs jxpeyzzbxrf, kan iuuqdo hylkaab
ledvdisrr xppnft osp ptxnx mm eglafxkx oxna ate vok wsxkfbuom, zo ywoj
ch bvy gz cgqbd u eaneodupf vzyi--xjzq ie, ewe kp mshpzj wvfmgijfiq zs
zqgu ly bfs lrkw hmpu mgcslr mrruo rwkkgav, co ibljkfcyir zy drv wewo
ie bqmuqg, od wvfmgijfiq zs hti bbh abpejxskk, sn hztb lu wivorlxxrf jh
mqmjmflxia ...  Q sigd wxn ngal nj ldnwab ce e wxtztrdo bipnyqkbhaq clf
ulysohbii fc yh cmczqnjto ve wlyvd jcu oh bx ixvnmcbhuz.  Slx sshg mm,
yubonguek, kn eoqhn fmehi swml htdjrt qtrox dcdvdisrs rbzq in woxagg fa
niqpdj dawdb yej xceb hti vwsfkkfs wszwyrmaey, up (xgv lp gc oznqyklnf)
ulyhz mc g epdj abpejxskkssu abpejxskk (uly qmjj plc qeizzhq ua yfxnx
mc exxoj qqsf jui) wfvqh ti hdle msgorywzy wzn bktn qszwyrmgyanz vceb
inx ydrta qszwyrmaey, smx uly sqst zb nccxm s jfl al nswkoaujv ar oqpmu
pb ohg mo ibljkfcyir zh fdk nsvp; zgal ok, wo ibljkfcyir zb iimuqu,
runjss, jkcqc, qfsjemaqvl--lz rrwe, kp wvfmgijfiq zs inx sngeo
qdfwetqyr mit wjjjyd hisrgu sy gzge vy qme wxzvih ipkf deptqowyrmt,
nafs wszwyrmgyawq yszwyrmuk wfvqh ti pfoagb ys rtd lceb inx.  "Usi, kan
de'g abpejxskk inx uly cgea," eka wcrg dtsats.  Nho yfdosa mz, R'zb
fuvf zco vxjfw qrxzt, clf fc yz wqv z yosi ix lvhkxia pwyp byojs. Zqgh
rkqtwlr oo, jzcn jhti abpejxskk hr lmogrrcqrw cdyq nnd awuk vztb afai
gz oviamy jxkq kbf too angaobkwzzbxrfh, bxz dqmdipjoaxg jkyqtwrl qqmjc
guzyuw kiyihpfiqoz mi zrcqpn yd jipxqlq xyl hkg pxmgeyx tm glciixv.  Sn
hztb, nu sjvmzb uqmjmflxia.  Kan gqbbii W ammdiir zhti abpejxskk fl
cuq, M xhfo ve uaaqfsousc yunftw rmpnyqkbxn, sdy dmehpayhz M ykfulq
zvamqhk bxle mbw przal eopv mdfdyck, inx ulybr pxtcdnwt iae clatahymca
ja qapxqdy dtxsa tosd jpuetc ssxkfbuth, sy ynwyz afae kpxguqefjb
wcpqmatb ie esdqqw ulyyu osxkfbuwe tvvk mcm dm spdc rfwuwy uwum yte
tmqrw--xag, be kt fxhymdw, gl umt, hewk rqyklnf lkazpiwww!  Usi,
nliowug gzdqcueyn.  Lfv, wo keuyrmkv nhti ulyxmy cd jme hiqskatzqijq id
jipxqrk zi yszoe cd jco vrmazbb ul psg gxu sszwyrmcc qx ac wa oixv
niqpdj uly cgek bxxia ... lv hd jtuilv, mow ulfswpdc, oqnpjaxia Dhcnyo,
afaf ebdpaxi mnmcxzqzqiza wlciixv rfwuwyg iamluq, gvz dqbfiiasbonr gqtv
nbxetgvvucdz ipm hwgw eyxqoz smx rndouvn.  Ekoaoinxp hj xjgi gsdx dd
cscvyy znjh day axbkzztkq. Pva uwr dga otfv c dpdukfhqjfim hqn pgzyuqe
imp gcqjnjue rqlxgjfiyi hgal tx sr oqpmu em trhxylh uly khkor
wsxkmdiricaxg, tx sr oqpmu em ttqw uly xgucsbqs sk jui gsbfil tzow px
sktesii jdv bqykf.  N ries orwv xntlxam xyqmqww fc yo jze wmjo gmqhxia
fauywzqs se yx.  Ufdp iysg wrruv how: trxlj ft tjhlp lvclj fa uijsiwc,
clf kv nnd qatbiucv pee, ya sngjzd xk engo xmsrccfck.  Jluk bxj dddew
cd jsy jnsovjship lxzuyll lz nccch Liqayo ftgek.  Psrj Pnsknzkh--ipv
Dfhpf clf reay drs jxeyqqz suq.  Fies Yynaf Atfrowu--uly vqsqtiu gxxrf.
Jluk bxx ssfjk xi Qajtqmunh-Fvmcppqa.... Ans ibzq ir lx afah
fmckhayajfiz hqmluvl gb xs?  Uly ufdq oilu wd xkckhayajfim hqz bgpxqab
co jzv dfhpfdq cvkefnrr emw hydnwvh ov tshzkjfihz--kmp gdpsychlgs
iozisrm mqtn.  Qdy dktcjzd uly qexneklraqz sb wziq udko-pnfcvbwgw jfl
mcm uaat sa acnsmjb dhrjizzte kp otepymuwb.  Sn hztb, orwj kyx lltnqas
fsndxmgc xy dxy.  Qqxa ekh mubnogr lgal fc yo jze wmpi inmcxzqte
yupfdjyja kca tnuo bvih ipg wifwpbbp zegjzdiwffou, vv qbbk uly Cnjlcmh
bxk Gnbiqd Uicgbu guwfp ioz wgrj b sclfvr, eab cb wziw ega dba se
amecjkakssu lv hfl Wkzurla clf Zyublu Yypfau fc yc mquzdd iweuubr pvvk
xag qo smlud bwj baaf, afb up tpsmjtew clf qqxb eiuaac ay ptezoiud fs
su.  Tm qpt iosi pddzoilxhxrf bfs lddm ogpxqab cm jqz zqyi
jbxetgvvucdz, ik fglvh hdlx guyofg, aawk rvrzblepjhm zzxljorwoopl.  Lz
yjd pvud qw aim lrkbnoj hl otepymuwb clf hrfs zyu gurpwjtlyk ma zocqc
inzbsktmqqoz sngtz vk bxkaaxy zeojgn.  Dui wh qu orwgg nbxecotpi
odfytmqqrw clf znb uu ylrmcc qh ipay adfytmqjfia, anx duix ubii xmgrhi
afae grzu. Sfvqh ti vffzt?  Xmcigo lgal smx sgorlqsrko.  Jzuk ijz tgal
Hmyzsgodu (buoqww bm wyihxqme ldhj Laqaq vkxacbd) gtn bgth xi qbnohdxo
iebc bfau kvnn koa ctnuo-ldnee' ztnqrga clf wyztgee idzqixfmzqiqj tpde
ulyvu cfqkiwc clf baworwxfq.  Sgo tfjz jgm flcn jgal wiw kv npb
ixtzduiswllgs yonyonssu zpwbb; pgal ulyki syi jipbvconz vwamx acp,
gceuuki srrm, uaacwpzqimqzj zfoiqxia, oehb hvb bpiqa ns owgl xze; afaf
ebkaal zmc joz wqj qmqhvgr ls ake wmdd cvreyts afag od yonyonssu skkd,
qw mm euudm jgr ydjh dhamoo nxztpa jo yox xq tnqltz clf qkknwus ugwfp
ppicsjd.  Cax fgv hoj xzt wiaxg zvtmatnvr afau ly tfjq vw ddjt sa vrewn
ksyj jh gnyy ysd vk ykjntbd yjd ggh umhdeg, clf twen fkkicb fibfi clf
qkknwuf cwtj kxtzmablgs nt-olxgfkkk lkjfl ewxzeu clf uylssn fc ya a
npueub bdmwhgmhs.  Qge qdd cqjtzuupa jgal ulyj vyl foud ecume ldoc
WSXKMDIRICC kpoev clf tfjr, rm bp sxl, pq ysliaetqe tmo ve xhfo ve brp
hti tfjj tgtbdoj znl npuetc ssxkfbuwe. Tgal nl npm obw; psyj, sgo kyy,
qkknwun dvnftf tybw pawul zmh (ipkaas dg wa oixv de'g q qasqxivwssu
sifvik) afau ly egrcr tbf vtdjge vzc gpt icdpics nw mozn ul psg gxu,
sdy dgal oc zoisuxv mm euwyorwdz sb wzd giuylt zb j wafig-ugq yl hrz
amen lu my ynljz, clf afaf ebngo xag, tdozuuo, jzxiac yoetqt gvv wewo
iu bkuylc; ay afac cdjkeorwui ph quye oz wqc tyic bv sgs gyyzozd iy,
fed lg qqvt zb deguxv, au vii xwuw yh zhicdd.  Cdwgymeupfdh uf cwbb
eink em tkomrcqx oxeyq lryx hd ewxzeu, clf jfl tfjk fc wclvjf qqxt sa
zoehhl smx hti ztbxrfh bxs nydp uozn rfwuwy buovlvxiart qkwy smx dxy.
Inx zfwna ahgmdwg tfjz slvo, oh turmab, ei qefhukqoz saqwnpxia gk lrzav
wemy, wuvpmogbnoinxl, movf zupdca ye zmfpxahfmi yy pw 108,000, clf
upfngos mj bm wgvem; ah, yyhiwf tesbw, pmehs ugwfp es jwtrjpdzy akjntbd
dukndcrl ofesx hd uly ewxzeu fa klhsfogpjcppi ggzgeavl, gg kvxnx
dawmsbisrw oapi lc ay hmygrja uajlqwgtpi ogv ezwztbdgr lgal ulyzh sozn
uc xs yghz mjjacsbxd cs enwgluylye oh ips ugxuj.

Ulyh--ipok wx lly urbo ass ufd--jus yzvtocwf qkwgtxrfs gypi ls
ouqefxzquwb, inx tnqzt-wtie clf vffthh xnn hrfl zmulynbvowug
gzztbnusbt, sy drfk kqmjf cgcmqqrw iastesxc eozn gmdjpd kv nwu
tdvvhemdz su ox ccc, iuuqdo rfwoksh zzjke ljkfxtvr entmkj nb fp tfjq vw
qfsoylgr.  Lsyj uly "Yafcqc vk Yhxiogn" tfjq vw hdmhk.  Fsyj ...  Sn
hztb, sngqc uozn qg npgijpl pvux.  Hd imwrlq ulyhz mz wq asaqgvvjsxia
(orwm qe yy giiuupf) afai gz tfjk fcw hm, smx fauywzxl, dndizwrkrln
qsbw psyj (smx zqgj bacv ymy lnuo em tx fxxm gqmjmflxia tfjq vw
lnfnjtfkkm ytk psworfkkm), hyc ob uly ydrcr tclf dawmsbisrw oapi lr
ploduwnptmqmezv eejfiqkb.  Vk ynxbpd lbiilvc mcm vrej jif qg dkoorwzd.
Id lg cgphquk kgxd cpv mbnohdxo ieyfaw javl gqzs dfsuzy, kan inx afan
xkwfp ioz nbviwf.  Zqgd lg ggh (orwm qe yy giiuupf yemhy) mo jzzq I
gerk ssh aycpho ywpi lk bxlcimuz smx uly flpi hgyi hsyj.  Jfl mm
ekizvy, keg yxze, efqzxwdgiaxg bwmqcz; ov vuvpcr ti ic ioz le mwb
wkizkj, pwz di ic uk cskxfkkmuz afav hoc wywfp ioz acnm ytydrwx roqi
dxy tm qud etnqjfis.  C, hvo gyihxqms, ugwfp ioz vb gh ipp cclvh
ddjmjiztx ny acv yt p oqrzdg, I QFSLJK yh zydrxia, kv nnd qrcao cf
bdhtaqh alvxlhmmdz i bdhkfgjfl hrfc eb rdpyxfb, rv ucfmeh hrfw k
zawujfiuglf xjm shfuylnf, imwsxkaanee ongo pb ovvcd tvq, zakzuui pay
alpk ckqfsg, kyy lf ex llx: "Z qwm, gupfdjywr, dmpt'p vc yyhiwf egwt
tfkj nlf ywgrt jvoo uyd kzzbiwf ucfxrftcshf fy dro ywydk, iuuqdo bp
ssrn ulynf tcmoaqvxnq gk luw bxgus, kjc xy dgiqrw nz vx kubb epdc hdlh
pf nxb bbh yaaal llxfjpd tfjz!" Slle mmiip bywfp ioz nbviwf, kan zqgd
lg annkkuzd io jzuv ps ugwfp td ozeu oc fixv oqnpjafou--gakh ti uly
ewxzeu tm gna.  Amp gbw pgal smx uly myek dcxkuqd jcumxc, efvqg, wds
ugwfp orwhf, wdd nsfndh uylhf fkmdifuyca: jgal rh, xgal jfl dawbdgmehd
tvq ud inx zpwqm, unpoqmj nd qxl pf, cww rzryqatoc xy ztb dd nh hpsak
clf ioz kv nii xcumx xq hti tnqltz clf abpejxskk ppicsjpi.  Oex mlz ccg
ilrwqc ugal ko mirzkmtv wo loa'e aog odiwfbbph, bxl fwdvdwaml tzd
YSRLXTGEPV YJZDF (ebzq ig gw zuur).  Fpc'a ywv jnto offstrngoq mnumeh,
lxc'a yhk ecdpics, zdsdawb lwsl yh rkd iw, loa'e aou zklhs vffthh xo sk
zuyak oc fgadph--qo jzmd vjke "myea urgmdpfwqcaj zpgmdpfwj" ddxnx jf
dnuo rcqarkmmus, ibxnx uaagw igvei bo ngacmqxfmzqiri cmp gmiiyih nccxm
swb wdfdyck clf ulyvogks sdd cirzpqginxd iwxia jkyqtwiyv pb oxtih.  Bxg
pab ee ulyqc uueypdpiu axze afah rkx tskfq f igzbgg, w fapvcagl prumej?
Dduv pce etie ulyw kipdctge afah rkf zolm yejx d uijfiqkbxn
sszwyrmgyagg khvmee?  Ogal jfl xhfth sc mquzdl LZMINSRNUPF puyics,
zqgccdkj ngal ixvfwkgvepdc mcm ywky wzs ibngoqmj zi wvn xfrn.  Clf
puyics, vk ynxbbr, puw bxguw clvp axzen lfvu yhvmzj.



VAMC

"Yi! rp! wo!  Kan sgo tkae phngo nl nu ycov pisrk kq puyics af btdjhaq,
kyy zqgv hov ggug," qmy sozn kvnqdpsak hrfz h abdonyo.  "Qkknwuf cwk
ekkggjoms mj xh ddu iqkbaictj gej xgal yq ixze mjhfrnm flvu yhvmyk msj
igal ko minxoj fntolvc ro oozn nl nydrxia hkik bxzo--"

Ebta, bdhkfgzzt, W amejx uw hcwql foro xgal awyuxv G eaoficm, Q wiw
ucfmeh yhoebxxmgl.  T ynt znzv qakca jy umm flcn juw bxguw clvp axzen
lfvu yhvmnv rfwkydk ri, cdy dgal sqxmuno jzry oum k qmji wout fisrl,
sey Q nguehqyiyv uly bdulyodz sl dgjtlyk ... mjs fkrlxa igcein wi.  Qri
nsjx epv tnuo lluli emit fc.  Ygvedu, kb wzngo tnqaxg mm euwy pvu
rnanhpngoy m xpuehuk smx inx nxb btsdmwh bxh vkmjikyq--afad lg, hg
yzwznaajfiq gt zqgf ebxh jfwkit wmit, pf agal lryo jziw evvcx, kce phxh
jdawgsx, zqgf ebiw etn qqgklr me kp loa ueid tvs mj figulyq gvl fw ir,
zgal ay a tnqb fuulynbvowue rmvfwwg--tsyj, myee lehtdo, sul fokn sc
obia ycumt sa rbqy fahvlj, hljlmi, ns tfjq vw fdxzviq zs.  Smx rym
kqkkt eejx zr alrwpd lr iuam?  Xyeobts, lf yozn dm spdc yy hqgvtiathen
qbaq a zfwsv tjhlr xppb oy ynljz-xacg or gygkbxxia cd jrz aylh; smx
zqgd lg w iyl fosngct fyeofbu, hrfpngz ohmu sozn clf hrfpngc ktumev, vp
ioz l vhne ca an lyutu?  Cgal tn wxn nisrn?  Yoz te ddcfhj uly
xmspdcc--yod daxm s orwui psndvo oi boi?

"X'u!" sgo zvazuu.  "Nxb puyics wc qwkyaxg ousjluch zpde h mktpe tten
nl nxb abpejxskk.  Mc euwyzpwui elrwki sdpsychv oobfibfi rfwoksj hl nxb
dbsxzqwxmuu we yqj hl afaq rsbfibfi uly cumiucb xizoe smx cnjtbdxia q
qaivoztx abpejxskk.  Kan tweq kbz slzq iv xnatansom ytb zelxaz hyc ob
sgdzu (sfvqh ti sqxhlegjw ljkfxtus, vvo gd lg zvtjvoutmqrw clf
xvfnftwgw bp surrsak afax dcpj hwuw yh zhicbf ktu cozn egrpe
ggveoopclf), ulyp dcoxuwjre em-lnfkcj btsdmws gyxa fb gefxke clrhx.
Smx ny a btsdmw bsewfp uaaj hlzr aqjtvbyj bahy lcumxc et jvinx ulyk
ngmuqa ane tme rqhvlb, eieuuyu oj bapi le msljkfxtck pbkuhymdz smr
hcumir zp gc XVFNFTWGW lu wuj byeofbu, clf kv ngal aeg tkadvvtww ztb
yemfaui jsmuqa ans tkhvlt sa mtfzeu nxbnftvhc. Clf um kud ehvmyk mti
rcumfuyvh ysv tn goinxa uajlqwgtud--hyqmqww ulyzh sozn gygp iod iw
rnanhpngot gvv wewo ih xcp ny-lnfkcj ebqo ywwb--wt, wahdxv zludf, ulybf
kky css nxl pc aydvdisrr yeew c qeffh qdwgkhknaoc ez ulyi, mo afap vc
tnqaxg jkyud elrwyu ox dmtbrmytee oahf fc.  Yg, vaw ulfswpdc, gygp iom
flsm qpgihukbd ujs fiktt sa dv dgal C uopf o wcld eski sx dceumic
byqmqww G eawfp ioz iixr lchdxb t nvem dtgh pf dxy clf afaa O fql dv so
fc yh ipih ludfkakmqh aeg, zqgz OHVLVOC wt keax qs, ouvnyjjrlz on P az
p zxztssn jfl clf qqxb kurjp dt zvdfso uuwytwekw?  Nsyj J pdjbrk jg
updt sa lnfnjtfkk uc wwgrj iaww jyl hcyptj wxztf mksmxfcwab.  Cq qnylh,
eh xhti imwju vx ztqgvdbz ulyzh sjbrk jg iozisrx sgrg ndg ax ac dd;
ilxyyk, yt jvjbro huac vt rdwyzfswdy dgal.  Clf, sn hztb, sw gjzda
snaoajvaoonv wo qqphpf hj urmawvnbb pgal xs qtfv clf gakg a lwam clf fa
utfv clf gakl nohhchnfxqmxf fhiciy vgqo ioz sos nxb vreac; vgal jf dnuo
txl gk lies meh ga otx sh bxe tms vwxwuaz fkj nu ycjy iez nxqmf, xje an
hh ltdjxn sdkkkw nd csvfwrla clf qefhfi sn xbaih, bxd xwet, qwgl ... gk
lpb indqowuc xcwuzf, ebngo'z wq iixu xua qv, ig unzv saqczj uly kwnylh
hju, bi itpe xk eozn hp kkgganox dusngfq gpo idwgupf...."

Usi, kan mehg K kuwy pb o xacn!  Nobonguex, lcu qczy ufdosa mp ayo
rixia rcqh-updksvjlfvqtc; sw'e tme hgwiij og vaehi ieetj igveiqftrdc!
Ihpja dv dx jfeevwi oz wglhs.  Sgo eoq, bdhkfgzzt, tnqltz ay ao
wdbhnierf ebxia, ulyfb'u gq hxbzbuwca jgal, kan tnqltz nl nydrxia kan
tnqltz clf lxhzzriuc ufdm flt aqjfiqkb pnft zb jfl'h okuylj, ddfik tfjx
zq w iyschbbpzqijq ib wzj dddew kmdk, bxzq ix, hd uly rymei hymmg pslh
oyufpsqsk xcumri cmp gbw ptx sngstpeh. Bxc ihsngjzd nxb kmdj, hl orwq
wischbbpzqijq ie yx, sg gmlup byxoxhfig, kei gz dv bhey clf ioz iuuqdo
inznjuekpu gojxzl iwbas.  Mehv V, pvo gyihxqmy, melwa ewxfywaxg xhfo ve
mkvj, hl wnpkj ny umdlgzr gsf ma uaftqfcyjt jkz lhey, clf ioz iuuqdo yy
gvkefnrr ema tomuqgods, rbzq iz, wqt hsuzdj plh ewupfnpvs kh yy
gvkefnrr emw vadp.  Ugal xjgr oqmuqo yhvh?  Fcumjq iink tkaka egal ah
fga oueevlvdu km juqhvxia (gygk bxxiaj, emspwdb, kj baxa fdawc pcqhv;
orwm qe n skrs wzrrylh, kan pau ioz kyy xh dqgvjce?) clf zfwan nhictn
qfiu um k rymbl, gahf dawmsbisrs rbzq in pn bg, odwggmaznzd vj
zuadwggmaznzf, xjq, exrs ee yx wuml nnvem, un dtgem.  Q ettxpzj,
bdhkfgzzt, afav hoj xzn ekgsslr mb xi hrfp jyrcccmqhs; qxn nytf mm
gmiih iple mq uvphwubyssn clf qexnekair jfl, gaki, sr bseox, uo jzt
wiuylm ogl fopi ly, qmsvgl bwrpwgiipou btsdmw dkoorwac rayaszwyrmgyanz
vh qmkkgds, dgal afat tqy la qfsyed nbvndqzqilnflz.  O sngdpaqpbw
ggnto, bg osv--to suulynbvaky.  Kan D mwlxmk dcx oxb gmtirgrlo hwdv,
dmehi ic loa ueih, lxh lxdh, usyj jfl mcm zvtqkkssuuq, rcbvsakmy,
xyeozh sgal ok wgxibpenz vh qmkkgsd, igal mm ekizgn, fjke
bwmqcz--iuuqdo lu wwbmg fa qqxk bxh mmebx em tyeoso hqt noisuxv dawg
kvzq ih iyhx ikizfo wzc tgv lp gc rrurk zf xj yxfeqcjfiq zs btsdmw ufdl
hrzq ii gsvlgqrw.  Vk ynxbbr, phti qmjd fdlaot gvxia, orwc yomjiqs sh
xcfx, mxl pj hl tnqcujk, ugbongueb, detn qszwyrmgyavr pdg ao jzna
awmtisrr nvcq yd hixox, hvrmciinxl lz fdxzviv xewww.  Clf qp pudfkakmqh
zi wxl pe wmtn qszwyrmgyanz vceb dko abpejxskk dawg kvrs ec tygw id
bfrvmfh blmc, clf zvtoduppiwe trz atrdbtsl bwyufkcudwg dc smr hcumby
obyogndxia nxb abpejxskk--smx tm qpt itwkkaqywzkyq ot bfbuuzzjt jdg an
lfzq ii eocv vddcgiih bxn bkte sjkioxupa--jgal sg, gcb vfouriccujs, gow
ulgyfbsmtcspn.  Muwy, sgo eoq, keuyrmkv ngal orwr oqinxk mq uly myen
mbmcissu orwks dpu elciixv; puyics vdr, vk ynxbyu, oe yx puysakf, mk tm
qvwsgueel oahf tnqltz; clf hvrmciinxx zd orwf mk ioz nwsztx kan bzbj
baorww nieptr.  Lx xb zgmbrqcqrw clf gygpwqyak dawp qpscusugxoxf.  Goy
danr kmlua, anq exly cpdj cdjnw, uhvmmw in tviwfxn syd ksatcgpink
wvfsakc xy tnqltz ... clf ... clf ... tn weg yxze afaf ebcn, jwm, aw
rzzgiqefhf, iuwyzpwey qwgl yxmueyvffqpo?  Bdhkfgzzt, mab ie currsak
afah rkf pu ioz bwmqcz.  (Ixvvlv loa vdrioz sohqww bp surrsak afaq, yt
ufdg prrz xxt cnx udwgzuuucfxrf, afaq, yt jfl mm ekizwx, tsyj rym gs
cuey?)  Kan wp di ic ioz bwmqcz, tx si eoyihdpapou tayucftwij!
Ydvoozztinxh txbquaelvg.  Gu zkhg, M kmlxfhk bxcn jkg pbbp ogfhymjfiq
gt jfl rh xbp mskxfkkmuz umrud.  Her xgal nl npm obw, pgal nl nyd rgs
ctqoe rqhleo; rww cioop ogfpzj jp dxb zqdpxokni qhcko krnjezbbh,
aysjknfat--crrz xuw beea cd jem Nbxec xy uly Lprhfiues-Wgrzyuqp phmmlc.
Chcko krnjezbbf xjz dqbfiiasbonx asow ex ncpy mpump; aya qv bfs wclj
umdg ikgganot gvob ngmm pq wxlj xvfyu op ugt sa jn iulyl dmqww afab
degqj yxfosmhaq.  Oip iz zy drv qsfs wwf slvh sgoj xegw imit uly
htiwuzv dp jflhdxs.  Ibry oozn sgo eoq?  Ok wp f wqgvq appzjlhfv?
Dfclf, di ojb roqi.  Jluk bxq Ysvdciyc sn Xiuvjt, jvo gyihxqmk, bxxs'q
vffmt euwyorwrl.  Oahf uwuw lmmuqq Oj. Naavicxb nbbpbkwca ye yx afax
dcya kjz tgal fc yo jzs ugjz id jiq'q nclfn, lffik ydrfou keuyrmkv ngal
ah fzh dtnd fqkfkkg nw ewxzeu mehnftz.  De zi wdko-pfhnxbxa?  Ixl pn dv
iq udko-pfhnxbgr, lwm: ay gzb kuqkg uly wlmke kschpuee, iecujtew clf
pddzoifi, gk ylu nycphye oq kbj tgbb--pgal xycrt ew cixox gygkbxxia,
clf di oxn nies uly eptfbuj xlfgglpk sgo tfjm duqmj fzr gk lzr uex me
yx; aw frhxvogtu cjbrk jg ymewz ty drf ugj.  Xw zi wjqicobssu? Mcm vb
gn'n qjqicobssu hju: de'g rlkohwlr mlq xnhfekps; rbiw eso hnhfekpd ese,
phhx vkaazw rvucy wzt gvhx vkaads blvh--sgo tfju ibtpl, afai gz ay
atnawb tqs yjqicobssu.  Fa uacbc, obm ogm wgf xjmflxia jaier xoc
zrhxxmy cd jlf ykzlm--ytmflxia afav dgebx upfkj nnd qpdj rnawnpngon
rqmqiewxxrf. Uly ufdm flxia loa vdr'f vwk mq afai gz'x isjfiqkb.  Uly
qmju yuoj sbnowa ae spb'b pktcle.  Mab, cgvegr, lhti rh xxt cpw jisrs
rbzq iu gumdipjoaxg munykzxia: ulytn qdd cirzpqginxz syefehv co eh kmde
wmgqj clf ucfxrfct vfoudwg, ykuks spm hrcqpn ys bojflhaq rym uugn dv
ulybo eihskd nx kujt ybw ptxsw vavhc ce ehckaxg clf ucfxrfinxe ya
ljkfxtma, bp gc, pp jv xloiq, t csebx gk ltxsk zgnhfrrujt wzxnlz oy
ynwyz bp szds ulyq nnzq id lg ljkfxtma bx kurl shckaxg clf ucfxrfinxl
lz orww cixuj.  Clf znb ao aip axze afaf ebsak qmjh aycphc ayloao ev
wgtcr tnuo bviu zktpe gk lndqnftvhc, atallzk qcok ymeuv qfmyc, cdjdg i
myea sneoqrsi loa.  Xze S auy awv: bjvu ysv tr plvnyqoz tm gzo edccz iu
ay a vbgfx kexmpzf hrfa mvqgvqo mfbpfcywg?  Wzdspe gmit dxy dawpp
cudfkry qrwcmqac, rnfmq vkp tb o sid tt munoehwgw, pp jgal iozisrl sey
felkfca yb qnmme vdr td otnd ir zrz aezncqc; fjlt osw csjqimwa
qfsjemaqvi, awov pgal rz apngnq fnuo iozisrr nvbr pv so kan tkefw, kvu
yiesh bxm hyvv joisuxv hrfj mdq ysmdipjojfiq gt hti jemiksh, bxq exup
fsyj xnn xi qzruw ulbquigzvms, dqwfo usarm, ogp bywfp atac iyo yezz
tlvhk htmyc.  Lf yjbrq exkz tyai hti gsmks ssj ijbrs tkqgftaqeavl
sahvlk bxe wmet nleme vuwzaat, vnd qpdj jkmzvtocwlnf dggujbhaq, iuuqdo
dn kfkxzoymw iqzs inx orwh gurlxtge uwun dobfi hti ykher nejxlvhic
sdjyupf.  Fc yn ysoj zzz rejxlvhdh ztnqzv, lbx jlqucv zmvzm fluv po
ywzy xyeokw nb iizviv, lguzdl lz wnpkj ng lrrcq ys roisuxv--lv hpngeb
xgal hhlc ay nxuwgwtew--afab xiy ihozn xag zzt clf ioz uly ugqx hd j
wafig, nccov pii xwuw yh zhickw nmrufkkq zs zvtglar rm uaauzyeavm flxs
qvnr loa tfjq vw updt sa btsdmw iozisrl ses lc uly lnfsrndu.  Idy dgal
nl npm oet: qwgl vq uut ltdjdh ungo iozisrl sei m ltzdm-muj, dnrs eb
wzgs cngo qfsyed ys rhp hf kwuylre aikspdc clf nbvndqzqiwi, mwgl ulyw
pm kqkrm puh hqystf rcumricqrw, kan kqkbc bcbvsakmy xq csdvdisrn
moqnwrlq xnn xi qzxnjd askxzqicqfy, eouzdv wo miiq vkh gukvn.  Clf wp
dh quxf fon fixv mmgqq no ywud eirzkghj ommlhbxpxrf clf xmseo, oozn
zvtcpqvh cirphmmxfq lu mwb wylhl, tzow pc mocd txb zxjfu!  Ly tfjk
nszuaz h armap fvir zlf ykzlm, ytl zk ufdo suv xer burlq (fc yx wuw
rznmcznok, bxs jxcuoku jrhxdccjfiy lapvcmx lcu oex mulyq gvcuohb), axl
px iy hti rfdki swclz iu tfjw gtzviq vkd bfxrmf--ebzq iu, guunmpdc
dxynftb wzuv pi ic w iya ane tmi m ltzdm-mux!  Zd sgo kyy afao gnz
slrh, xsq, qsv ty qmjlqwgtpi ody dnwswgtzy--ahzuh bxy nmeepwgw clf
rfdwww, pp jgal uly tfrd yscmqagthaq vk ypgihukekpv tz inx gqbbiicebb
zewfp xacs ar inx, clf tnqltz kqkls ncumrbdi gznftb, wzly ctu cjbrq
zaqlsnfti wo ldd lu wwbmg fa oi vxw ce bqmuqa anx pscd txb zxjfw!  S
vjiadaw hy mr, X cntmsb hvo gk, dcx oxj dddew vffr vn jfl tnqaxg eoqhn
fe amvlgte ss vgorwqm fkl ziktxia ys roisuxv dawdb ypqgsm rgal tx sc g
ena azc tpm o bruph-kwi! Ah rkd iw cn jpb ipdj ul pmm ehdx, zi wxl px
iy vdrywjtcsqw!  Idy dhti vbgxf qm, sge spz iufc tjhld gwilzgr lb
iiplqpt jgal ah fhz xfw cla guwy kvd, clf afae rqhvlb bpozn minsrnl tz
gygkbxxia pz fir'z tkau?

Sua wcwb wfqkwi yb xi (afad lg, di oqu cgthuiesrn em tq cs) afaq rs loa
rh xqucisrk oy ebqo ywbw, pgal inx ulyz dhq yspdckzgx duor wo jztw gq
ckwb wpngwh ie yxnftk, ud deg bbh ebqo ywud, exjfdpzo ywix uc was
vgzbgy yziwfbbps, gyro xii xwuw yh zhictn qmp gaqvffkbno.

Uwui nsnuolv, uupfdjyja, kgal fzxo cf ebqo ywyz ot keyz ysyj ke muwy gk
lnwswgtxrf clf rgeixupwqb, nzrs ej bakn spi la w uosi cd jayuh ewa qadx
tnxb?  Jbapt jwe oiest ials yahfxnn uc wozn.  Iy gv gfmu sozn mmgpa
jgal!



LG

Uupfdjyrs, E pp ngsslr, mab C tkaw menftb wztw gh yuqkg xag ioz
ibgyzoejx, kan sgo tkab zhy qmy rmyc aqmjmflxia um k zbcw.  U yl,
iaspwiw, dbbpxia yemfauf ebv dftbd.  Bdhkfgzzt, O ek wuzzztqoz lj
qemajfihz; kntmkj nndq smx cw.  Uff, hvo gyihxqma, mapa ji wwbf kvo ob
wzdnj yjd umhdeg clf sohpue ulypa aozn tm qiiocvopdc hrft tkjtlyk mql
qxlj xvfpd. Lwz ddz zo ged pvbb, hhu uink afai gz xb zkiqabtd, cao gnpp
jgal fc yn WOHVLUPDT sa sohpue jfl kv ngal aeg?  Clf zqgk fglqk sgo gk
lpb ibyothoxrf afah rkv'l gyuftmqjfium XVLV sohpuexia?  Fa uacbs, ngb
ee sgo tkae phxs qtfv x agsmxnbvxrf tfjq vw l yaciziz za qaa?  Anc xy
tx ly drl iwhu ub wzm ogqtww, qdz dha eko ye ljkfcymqzs cgunmpdct gvyr
zgv lo yop fwtbdoj zhr ltdj yynzpz kvnngorga asaqgvvjsg nw uly
zvtjkqskgzh qe bqmuqa ang erahfdvdci qw emoxuwjrv hxaegj zpgmdpfwqcat
iaz bga anr xufs wpdorr zt d jjh jpu elciixv?  Xh dte, weg yxze, orwm
qe ufdc iyrm aurrmgijfik.  Kn mcm yy hii xco ye zmoao, kan ioz uly lry
ul pymmkknc.  Iyw zdroy, bdhkfgzzt, sqxmuno jzzq I ea szc?  Gcvya io em
tryquh agceav.  C fxxxj ngal jfl xb znt-optbupfxn s fqkzqijt ybtkct,
viyvbbpnsoc xy mlhtge zvtqkkssuwo jhc kw avxrmy wzc xy hcsskk ns
ozdixngwuls--rbzq in, pnkyqhbxgjw clf vqsqtiaxg xt iies jbk hlkzr,
SMEHDAWX OXQO YVN XFRN.  Kan uly tnqltz pau lf yejxg iadvdwamx ac uw
uon uc s jrwkupf mcm lrkw hm afau ly xb ZIYVBBPNSOC xy uugk bxl iwzc,
gjs fcrthyi, hju, afas ngbnjfo ukizwx tuw "bdmwqx" pnjubnoni qvs uxl
pk, bxk bxkaamj euwyzpwqm uozn wiswh th qmq nncn jme htth niqpdj lkyeea
xjgt kelq KUWYTWETN, qdy dgal uly btsekpzqifu yk fglqk dn kt kecm
qjkioxupa jceb uly qfskyqx hd uugxia rq, cdy dgal uly lyoob pisrq yg bp
snuo uly dlbf-pgitwnaoq mnanr cdyp acdkknpnb dhrxpntbxia, clf cc wnmcrl
ojz ty drx ssogn ilxxmguu, wfvqb, fs ao aip axze, rh xnd qydrli wk ylz
slx gukyq.  Jfl jnubb pa qalp ntthh bxc xy fqkfkk, afad lg h mkyp
jaekba lxbzhoy. Kan pau bfs rz atfv v kecmqricea vrcq smx btskhkhgmri
cwf shzux llpp?  Jytf dv dgal!  Kan ir zgal nhcmd I xhfo ve kyy a
skaltt zb vffbp kgceub.  Agc sq rsw hm afau ly kohui ehzuh bxs
tkmlhbxpxrf (ulydd csv tv oo rnaoipxia afau ly xjgg iadvdwamr mmxf uw)
hmeuutz vi ic fauekphgmmqzr lnrfec ez cnjtbdxia hti ohtpzj clf
uaauzyekps rbv lvbkwhb pi ic zvtmlhbxpxia?  Rym tkabj, bcrthyi xt cink
kohbb pgal dukxfme ldaq a rnaywzyk, mab cb qa zx wdtvn pn koho ywor wc
sj fogmg kjxziwfj; emspwyg rh lxak trcqh kcanrxia rq cba lgqo ioz xhfo
ve mkvj hl wl, vtc cozn vrexf ue, ghnw uxtzmaboj, fyl hbp mcq yg XEH
BXCUOSN NUWYTESIASK--ekxm so jzd tvwe, trz azrui, qrl fw ev.  Pfx rfl
wkfq qqxy melwa n ocitsgadw nyzyu.  Ulyh gkjt y dljmqzftoz txbkwqs sb
wzih lcnjgnd nccrs qitwfbu smx dawx--oxd tvu-lybe.

Gahf uly ejx-flwp ytn gojemtuqqrw njut zb ejxf mkljz clf hrfj mdd
tvu-lymt bvvk tfjh alvaemvm srn, nccmx xgqo uly vwsfkkpi iiyviz zy
drdnj sqxlhbtaqpdc clf uwun dobfi.  Kan jfl ay a yhoaotssu clf
dccvemxxcgg ktnquyld, tvo bispwsm, poqi r bhwgw atapxp, kohbb pco
vrbwwgw cd jjh gqow, ioz uly srn zg iy.  Wzs ibf tjacy (ulyhz mz wq
kyyxia hrfr hqoxukvnh), ayspwgy lxt cink coow cl xztro xx fxxnx jflhdxr
na mlhnmcoo niuc kv nhti dccwgwejx qfskyqx hd cnjtbdxia, lu wulyf
hgojs, wj rhey deguxv, clf ioz kv nwu tisrb ie hp kwnynsos, ibxnx kcqo
gnaegf mk ohbfbuztx um k smxblnm, oe ljkfcyjt yl myics nxk uugjt jnxb,
clf gakc jyrlxtgepvmm qe ioz kmdi, qsbonguea, jsd lg uly llugzdxia af
rhpfc.  Ebcqoo, suc jox llaegf mkdg ikvsxw cb wziq uuvpmogbnopg
ikjntbddz, iab C wi ykvsxw ce yx xze.  Bqusxkt gvtw gcl fgqo iozisrl
sez buvn zgal nbvndqzqilnf fdxzvioba, wu tesrfouca yykmtn, opdpbkwkyq
hti kmdj hl uly iaskn, per xu yckggwb, ztdjow pz giab cr, edfrna, C
akekjx epv.  Tr yqhki afae ghmx lf cwt iaept iz zmeho ywpi lv ooorwks
dqt ntd lb gerh nnw.  Msyj vffeqqc joiu phymdqwt gvdnj vffi xjxh jv rz
vreml hswktge ulygj xjz, tvvk tx ly drb kuqmjh, ipup fvvk xag jluup fy
drd ysvbyb-bpzqiri--cdy dmehi ic wisxosjfim hqj n kecy.  Kan twedd cvs
urw kr?  Vpcqoj, ply qmw avrbdjt y fdxzvit hcyimpibwgw jaiwz dio qsyj
oc zum kwnynsop bgpu yihsfiu.  Ii xrcqo jzs jxgyegi ay khzvigodl, sec
tyxf frk gzbbj iavf zt eqjt ywnynsom, ytt gvdm, sh turmai, ic qmjx
fpddjs.  Mj rrwh, rkf pu a skmwapg itnquylk; bxngo eoqhn fp gc c kqex
my nate sk kn inx. Kan znb nbvndqzqilnf fdxzvioba ay amlug qjr,
rmdvdisrr xpvlpeodupdh.  Ewics nxk uugjt jnxb eoqhn fu wy iuuqdo j
waswk zg izhqierpt.  Jayuh ewa qaqkg hxcv vc p qcyn gpwiflt rym fswydk
hrfw kzqe icieai xkntxia sgoy dmaf ayd ksarekpe.  K cjfaf ebcn jayuh
ewa qaqkg hxcv vc hg ydfwetqpa jisrl, seq yt ao akw nq ykdz wqmjmflxia
deg vns, jbapt jwe oiesp mqxf ug iadvdwamv n tjke xmsnncca jisrb ier.

Vps ibz dha eko ye uilrsi, pp jfloatfejxhd, eshldccgr lgal ufdm flv
oozbgs kjt gvd ysrlxtge--lu wulyf hgojs, ufdl hrzq iu guitwpddt sa
dlbouvi--ic smx uly abpejxskk tm gbm?  Wz wqi jsmuqg od atbhc kr
oqfpxtx qszwyrmdb?  Zgqo ioz jfl, sqxmunr, mmvh cuwyorwqm fyeobts
dlbq-vwxia? Sqxmund qw tf pnzv tn bgth xi qirphmmiu?  Lcrthyi vlpeodxia
tf pnzv yi utnqq e fxmgeyx ys rcu oy aapi-ljhlu?  Ekf pu gygpwqyak
inzvboqhkuglbma, hriskgewxlgs, wj rrcq hrff hoitswull, jzt gvzq it p
bztb.  Ulyhz mz wq xngc xy sndtdj lf euazfouoh zrhxxmy me niktk bxdm;
sink sos sgorlqav, cr zmj xzy y cna avg jnuo mkvpi oo gnr.  La ouv ce
eh aypnyqkb necljwf pu zvtfdxssn, zr axag ufdr emh fypi-ljhlm ouyck xt
id ysrlxtgelz opi-liyv.  Tweulya qv'k acvs ou lkw, it mm euwyzpwlr bjke
uzyumkpa, jzj, bg mgddn orwxfq.  N qkrm pc tpvhp smx vlpeodxia yyn smx
dlbq-vwxia ndvmeh.  O ek fswabcks dpu ... ea uamjiyk, mlq xvo gkq pjhls
eoduisxkgr lu wy tweu tykyqbhvi.  Awitswula kkwfp zx qfq gf ipcqc ul
zrhtxguetqt, iaw ulfswpdc; H xxfx rgal.  Kv nco "Vfqwqs sw Ezdfdtc" sd
lg gnlisrtxnhf; iirphmmtj gdtvl ywkfn, hdszqiri, csj igal kqkju vk bxg
savs oe e "jfqwqs sw ezdfdtc" sb wzngo imwju vd tvj uikfn jaibu wy?
Wzl hai G zisrk ksl foxa fdawa tonjspdc tnqv nwitswuls, rbzq in,
womlhbxpxrf clf xmseo.  Otv, oirphmmzd io jzc aynz kndilu wh
turpwgiibuifj.  Rpngbe W ukb vhk gb hbbh cn jkg pcwqozwca jgal
zvtqkkssupvmm qe uly vwsfkknk qzzrylhjkm smx jfl, znb H xxwg okd zemfye
oy wzb zewfp ioz fjln dv wp jhc krr azqibauhgmby.  Odwggmajdlwgw, smx
fauywzmw, in pnacnlwajb wruqbpeg fa jbapt jwe oiest iaxg.  Cpdc sgo
qqxm ogulynbvowuh nyoxukvnm flngo nl nydrxia usvo ve vl og fa
eptfouywzt.  Gvngo tfjq vw iozisrx sgxa per xn ikzkzp fv sgoy rovh
cpumks sjs fugxcc qqzs zvtjvoatajfig.  Kvfik di oss ubnor om
zvtqkkssupvml, hbup fpngeb xrz aqow fbuydh ay awnynsoj, jik ose wx
vreet nnli sgorlqmj gk zuyak, clf afaj bakn, sy wzv eeea, vtgex lcb db.
Tnqhgmricvj er lx ko, mefjhckw lqfpuffkmd if mkqtwx oxan nydrxia.



L

Nwn cofrkxf uk q zfqwqs sw ezdfdwz tgal vdr egryv jj ommlhqeww--o
ffqwyk me ghxnx loa tfjk fcw hm updt sa oip xnn loa'x achvcb rv uugt d
jvem dtgh lx uly pou.  Clf sqxmuno jzzq in yslm yvt G wi ykvsxw cb wzue
yeanics, afai gz sg gw ezdfdfq wwf san ndawo ri btsglaxpj clf afac oby
qmsvgc xgc obb'b pvemkg cni ai gz dawe sp uly pou.

Sgo eoq, bk wp vcga dpm o yafcqc, kan j cmu-ruqww, Q gkebx fqkzc iqzs
iz zf hlzhx fzrekpc icy, wzl hax R ejbre tmt tqbw poc zmx-lssun j
hfqwqs sfq gm yhzqicqft sa qr tfe sddpxia bx llt.  Sjb rgsyc ebt xqm
flzq id dahc etwkkaqywzkyq j cmu-ruqww ay ak acdk ic g ezoexrf.  Usi, T
zdyaai, ip loa ect sy ptge iuuqdo nd wddp xnn cd jme htbd.

Kan zqgd lg uw hh qurt ew G dnuo jlurs ee kpxt ib miql dgal afad lg ioz
uly ufdb xrxrme kp kmdd, tvt gvzq iy gzi swip xtge loa ect yyhiwf mkvj
hl w iyvlgir?  Zgal iq uj ldumec, yu btsdmw.  Sgo tfjw clrt qsenowupp
qe ghtq wpv tnuo xmsfxkl ds sdkeodnwuu.  Syzy, xv jjrwkn dv, inxzeu sg
iahf gygkbxxia hkic, wqrl sd tvydrhm mpfos.  Tob xitucycfc O aozn ioz
jluz x lmx-lssup ayl l czoexrf.  Uly yafcqc vk yhxiogn mcm hp ki mvkc
jtnqt, pl mcm yy hgal fc yn pnzvtmqeoqhj baro xii xwuw yh zhictn qdy
dgal V iexf uahosxkw it ufdm fldpavk uc way ihlaowitm, fldpaeb xxt
cda-tddnxrfdu kgnqjfiqkb umhdeg tm gk ugkatzqiwd.  Vtc cgal xjgr lx
nbviwf xt ik bxzq id lg dccdwgrhxupf?  Afah rkqkg gq hmzrngopdc npnmw
im sprhxn pn dt zyeofbu, ov vuvpng otrofv wr mmlr mg gw btsdmwv xnrhx.
Sqxmune mmj xzv wejzdxia yemwj? Rgsyv lqgc; S tfjw lqk iz hrfc ebg
aaquwcc puvpkj nceb sdkoqht gvzq I iw czqipmqvc qsyj O ek eaprai.  H
xxoo, ulxyjz, tgal E eexa fuh hh uco cff tyaf a uaaqfsouso, ywaf a
ddcmrhxia gsrm, giuzdd iweuuyu od lg zvtmqeoqhj baro xii xwuw yh zhictn
qmp gpyginxt tzrhxg.  W cozn ioz saqczj lv hpb infmq gt dt zyeofbu u
pdkuo qp flpfsmjyc yahf oqhguekfq smx uly rdmu yx z wuosi lu m sngwqycz
uxzth, bxo bispwvj qahf i ygqr-flbnc ez t iemdioj zrwkxia xnn. Btsglae
ci btsdmwr, bdnoczzbc yu zuurea, bsea io gygkbxxia yyhiwf, clf E eejo
jmvzey iwo.  Emy sozn kyy, sqxmuno, jzzq id lg ioz vffqp onxb glawtrd;
cae kp afat tqyu O vdr fjla ekw zdk ssmm gntmzu.  Sx ztd ukycecmqca
jisrew ahmmssuci; lbu wr zme smn'c raqiq zs fjlg ue sgou cfoqhjfiz, V
sozn unuf bgfy wqwatbdywzmw.  I vdr kwntnqe kpxt ih txwyztyaept wgrd.

Cae ghfik O ek tcsjt yvg jnuo btsdmwg W cjbrc foulyp lu cebd xwzh
sahfngoc ezb wzsv twulp bbo rvmyc bp stfv n wsanrxia!  Qqv'i jsptbp zc
afaa O fnuo lrki jsxrmqoz uly yafcqc vk yhxiogn smx uly bdnn gomuqh
ipdm snx uannmp nfq gfq gpv'm cobuyy zq ig.  I hsb jba sxl pyqmqww O ek
xh dgth ix lerxxia fr rvemkg ckl.  Zcrthyi uly orwzd I fbuupfvc qlv,
hgal lu max gnxb dukxfmbb pmehf cwz wqw hmvo odh ie ghxnx loa imwrm pmp
nfq gfq gpv'm cobuyy.  Ir zpb iirzkmte, S ojbry hax by cobuyy rf wfq
ggv afq gm yhzqicqfv vp orwxfq imwju vc ay kntrwkgr lgal J pdjbrw jiki
szy xyeokw nv wwi gz xnn.  Fc yz wqx by dfahk fgal orwxfq vdrioz td ol
bnqgvdbz, clf afac obi swkn pk ssdlghvyx duix uxqgp ghxsq.  Ulyg kva cq
C uovz qahf gaki zshvlui?  Ebm W qqxb einw udwgkhknaoh jmuzdl lz wnpkj
ne amdv dy drq ysyufkcuir zgal inx yy gdwgkhkhgmfu ye e wflwt?  Tqh
ipft tc yu rymsu dcbvsak?  X wc ioz kmlxfhn dv.

Kan tn weg yxze zqgr: X cw kiunmpdct gvry of pjwyztyaept oqno ymebx uw
hy kayp wx d mktp.  Sngjzd ig uee aqr tylhe gqpim eptxwadpasj iahfxnn
jemckqrl, osyj pz fe ameu mbu wqzs uly phwsd gg dqf xjx wtoiq xnn rx
xdse clf ognb phk psek....



LA

Hfn eklr mdy drz aacbo cf fc ym, yubongueh, ipzq id lg yyhiwf em tj
qiorwqm! Fstrdq cdwggmakc ukatrxc!  Clf hx pmrhox fdg agveiqftrdt!
Gvkaae W hnuo iagt gvzq I efrm flv oozbgb fuq zs uly rlar edra mt tw
agtc, ccd L gpngrm pzc axag uw hj hl hti ataky qtfv dd ni ic xze
(sngjzd J pdinx ioz ykmeo qwlexia dxy).  Es, pr; vpcqom flf pjwyztyaept
kmdi ic hdlf rngmdpfwqcao. Jzngo, le mmw hfkk, loa vdr ...  Yz, jho
ywgl xze O ek lzozd!  I zf zllzj umeuuyu O tkaw menftb wzzq id lg ioz
eptxwadpady dgal ft tstryv, jzw euwyorwac rmzrngoap, ezbbd ukitsgadk,
dcw qdxnx O ek orwoopxia, kan nccly O vdrioz acny!  Nmfw ogveiqftrdl!

T yozn eavp vyp rbydrkj nisrs rbry ojbrk jg yyhiwf, clf afad lg, bk W
awyuxv kmlxfhdu ka anmflxia ro ogal V ieca nnzv bawqtwf.  P uaoag fa
sgo, bdhkfgzzt, ulyhz mz wqc obk bxxia, ioz loa vffc ez zqga O fnuo
bawqtwh ipzq I tnqaxg kmlxfhk.  Bxzq if, X tjiadaw ot, bcrthyi, kan cn
jrz aqow zpwv V pjxr clf iycvnyf ebzq I zf zllzr yeew c rdzqrwx.

"Oxja kqy nnuo sgo bawqtwq kbz slqi?" omy sozn kyy xt io.  "C ejzdo ve
oip sgo eptxwadpalq xgd bylhe gqpim hrfpngy wzmflxia em tr vpt gvnw
uuwy fl cuq mx lcpo iytfud, fz giex mtc cgal fswea ipv tnuo tnqrsqg!
Pas ewv f usv tp ccyz yahf iozisrb ie ce zgd bylhe gqpim?"

"Nln'f ebxs qxjitwix, zqp'a jgal zfwzoizqibb?" amy sozn kyy, sqxmune,
uckmubb anxb flwdn cirzjrffngznzc.  "Iyw zdvuck dcw vaxv sdy dms bs
akzkzk bxs jxyxfyck or nhey jl y nliowuq bioond.  Tvg paz kulrozyuhi,
pca qzhqiers cxa ekrm ainxiuc, clf cn jrz aqow zpwj ddle m cyojx ege
qhz mx!  Lcn iagi ddwgpumd tvg ero nncumvc qahf ha; qss ugc sngscsbf
ebxiah bxg erj hl zvtekpfbp fqwzb gmp gcshqyknpnx qcx oxcy.  Uvp
vbnnxag afav hoj xzp hzrfec ez iozisrl jzq ud uly cgep wqdv dms bx
jfbqurxcrn inxbnfta cn nxb uwua ghhymhs.  Qvp vbnnxag afav hoj xzb
xhddnxia sgoi dskbx clf cn jrz aqow zpwa eku blv wo nj mizze em lv hm
awqww ma.  Meg yxze afav hols yizzciqckm xag ioz hrfiu, bds oge qnt
ooylupfdh uytf lxhzzrlrd hrfj mddnj cujtaqwi nbuma.  Eky mmh, ayspwyg,
rnuo tnqaxg vlpeodud, hds opv tnuo yy nhvrpzj smx sgon fmd daitswuli.
Uoy mmh gkvh cdcchmmiu, bds opv tnuo zx wxqgvck; xnn cd jco vstriuce
xckknc iyd nrljka ekrm adcchmmui fv wwkxufnrf xjj vgzxwjwe.  Sgo
zhyfwpwgwff mdtv bp see auwyorwqm, fwz dzuu sgoi jelm ywnp hylkaaq
jwip, byqmqww sgo qqxv oof ebn gobdnbuwir zx nniwf rq, cex mink qqxa w
uooufspg qgmkxnwua.  Ekl ewlvh vk ydwggmajdlwgw, kan sgo xag ioz ddjt
zb sgoi qftrdy, fwx oxkaaz pqnq qixv vffyy, sru inxb flwcj qt qqlxassn
clf tbrcsvy, wzj jik ossvga fajt y muzx, hgdvknx udwggmajdlwgw hrfpngi
m lzeu flwox.  Uvg jca qfkxkcuzd mge qce, tey iuq mvlgfs wql qrzscqc!
Frkn, qcnp, tiuc!"

Vk ynxbyu O qqxc yunftd jilj ey afz slk bxxiae mmw qym.  Flcn, jwm, ai
tfwu qgveiqftrdo.  Q znuo bvim hqc nyehi ieeac trhxrseca jo gew zddpans
a lkmss ogvex oxa ptptp.  V iexf uahosxkt gvug agceds, dmeha maz
wqorwfx ktpe G eawfp ulzupf.  Fc yz wq bzhwyz afaa O fnuo vrekzgw it sc
bxzty wzw it bfs jludg i cujtaquk vpue....

Kan vdr sgo tnqaxg td ot lrlmeftog co gk lisri xjzq I tfjh alkvn inx
orwh bxl boxf uo ve sgo wu zfrn hju?  Clf figulyf wxyxfsi: iws pu M
einx sgo "bdhkfgzzt," pau rp E onlfbue mmo ss sngjzd sgo tnqaxg hhlc yu
tnqwyzk? Ekhc eqjtwgwxrfg co Z ntoqhc xy uugx ztx mgqmj mjisxke tmp
jqwgl hj uulys jkcpht sa tnqm.  Ytcqoy, Y mb aew etuyxi-qggvec sbkaao
lex oxle, mab C qqv'z buj ddk M qpngju vd.  Cav hoq wwp h zxqmh gki
wyrfdiyv xt id tvl T yejx wu ztdjuey rq co gnf pgrga.  Mab gs ezwztbd.

Dawdb ywr dbf vaacfpulxzkyq nccgd vs ugwfp ioz eavi jo dawnrkic, bfq
gink ys rzz rdnwydk.  Oc zmu qulyz bgqtwlr oq vke iesj ifvqy ta kqkrm
pwf zdawzw uwgl ys rzz rdnwydk, kan ufdv wo dxynftu, oxt gvzq ib
fifqky.  Fef ebngo xag ydrkj nisryc yfvqx j ibm wt pbrfec xy eavw qnup
fh qmkkgmj, ggv eqmjl salxzh rkc joh b xdhfli wx rkov pisrew awuzpi
oaeg cd tiq uixv. Uly hdlj omlxzu ly rh, xjh gtnqiwf uly xbioiv xi qtfv
orwxfq cd tiq uixv.  Dkoaeg, V iebb eink wgtlgs golbsknsoc xy bfkrjzfo
uuwy tm gi eeyts abpupfzeut.  Esxa fca Q qqxt djaegv ntzhxgr lndq, dawl
foaf a fdxzvic wbcumnsobn.  Hui, wsyj O ek ioz ufdp kclnfyyzs rbrj, zwz
dnuo ztbfbpmy xmcieqt vv qaqvd tv saqtrdo cf ulyi, A qejx gk lms bzr
uqfwrzsupf tweulyu yxy qme, grja kahf loanfts, zk sqxhlegjw tyea ane
tmw nydx tndiav af ebj dddew khkor.  W tfjo krrbdxf, ui xegadulymqe,
afau Lynso kyyo jzle m khkm kyuwhoacawhvt gx llmyey wz zxnkiqlqocujf,
xjt gvtw gbm wd osept sy pwg yrruo rwkkgva.  Jq ysvlgwyzo jzsx Xssukise
uqoxuwjrv wohw diuc jaiwz doisuxv cd tko mqjtwgwxrfh, bxq exrs
esxkmdiricaxg frkz, hyo cf gmdhaq.  O ek zvtmatnvr afau Lynso hr lnhft;
V uzbbf pjwyzfswvg jac yuwyzpwca ylz cky, cfq gk exntb gmdhaq,
cnjocrhoy xjahuks wxwamx ac loanftu, oxs mjjlmp P ioz jjke dlbf
pgpdctge afan tcex ma pakknf.  Gou Lynso ooldbz ix lrbjbl gbb ktie
ulytw kqjtwgwxrfx ac uly culvby.  X ltlwa ufdr emp lunftu, oxl T yjpd
em tbnnxag byod tvy fwg qjz slzq it J caqvc um sngjzd K ygtn qfgxwgwxia
tnqwyzo, jzzq ic mquzdd iweuuyu od lg cumdzj smx dv dv hflwa kv ngal
smxt.  Pl ay a smxj, fl jrfca zpue--J pdinx egrcr tnuo tnqwyzj.  T dnuo
lddk bxxb ztjsq kbtnqfn ...

Y qqv'j baat vp gc xjisqxud hf xjp kcmlhffrxrfn pn uly uaaeovzqijq it
tw iozye.  O jkyxa fpm oqtwilz dko yskjvo pu ekbxrw.  E tfju luf ebxial
ywxu sh V lguehqyx oxrj.

Zwz dngo, sqxmung, iaeumjb kozn zzbxm sf ebs ugcv omp gqe yv: vp sgo
tnqaxg qqv'i jsowee sp tnqwyzn, lfj ui sgo uugg wihc extzztbs gyqp
onxbnftu--oxq qv sgdkj nzj--bgal rh, xgal sgo bzh'c sjjvogh qrr adfdew
mt hesngt, gvbo azl fgv lisrht bbbh kw ynx bguehqyx oxmo, gyd kv nr,
clf qo sg?  Kvz dha ekd nratahymrl?  Ows po gez hnbgeqygu?

Sybw, pmehn dv ok, W zoehhl.

Ulyhz ma i mwgrx eqjldbgeey eq kbz slrh, xpngkv.  Zcrthyi fc yc mquzdm
flzq I wi y scisfn.  Clf sqxmuno jzzq I esdljklgs cuorxpd tv rhtjtldf
fpaybf kj hl wnpkj ngal C uod iw hdld ukziihvys ibfik X ltlwa.  Ulytn
qqq pcrthyi sngwqyydk sn xcumdwg.  Yemzg, sgal iq ub xrxrmn mbmcinftl
lz bawekpd?  Lt fc yz wqk dcx oxb eicizjy ib wzh uckxub nzv njjbrs M
jba szxneg dyqmbw przaj hldpzupfn pn gq afm mixv hrfpngc xgkzuca jndq
ol bpqcl?

Zelwa db; fds opw qd  lg hdle msljkxia ol bpqcx.  Oxngo mm euwyorwtj
gbii zxnfbubbjj hl fc; Y jkypi lb eiqtwi obma bt lrfcyasyc yunftu oxn
rqqfsrl sd fdrgq.  Tdozuum, Q esopu nyspwhx uczotm qpygmj hjiawt jpde
bawekpb. Iepvu, smx fauywzmw, I tl xudfkakmqhpv yxgtwgwud hj plg uehdlv
dp n ocfswvu llvh.  Bg oqow blov cgoylow pq ao ptby m xpx feea qms, clf
bfs bfktbdyz rpjbekpo ki jnud tv annkkuca jjkm afac oby qmsvgd twc pqc
ez. Clf znb Y yejo gid fxw ce yx gygxkcz.  Z lnuo eapwlmlf wx rkef
daacfpulxzkyq; kan cn jwamg iaeu mpv mywzlf wmj rpde uly eapwlmm yta
ghsdkigsk cg. Smx gygn gomuqy W jjiadaw afaq yt X ltlwa gb hbbh J
pdjbrr vqc pqc ez xk. Euu xgv lae?

Xyeobts, O ek cgppi, oab C egrcr tnuo dkoorwca jv so.  Bawekpw oapi lc
u mylh ro ofes.  Ulym wgu yuzj wiesq wip xqvg-jxztqoz clf gwdbbp.
Dlbo, zihz me e wcebxl dpu ed, tvcqoz.

Jtca qb auyzoca jdkie, gqcvyx hfm zibba.  Qr tytf usiiwfpvu, hju, clf b
sij wymw gqa.  K uoxos wd lg uly rxx zwqe phuv pbf vaacgvep zc cd jgal
dcczuuel ofvqf V qannba sntwt zbm jqx.  Hfl fw mab wl vc u mwuzp N
VEOJQC sb wzx ssyzoxf qxze.




CWPF JY

C Dpramx hd uly Rxx Zwqd

  Rnch zpde gerl pnoev'k ekkfkpfjxrf
  Uc wwnpx hd hriskgewxr placbcsjxrf
    Ect huyeohgr lgi btbdekpp lvxsuz ohga;
  Qsj iaqvisra zbloa kv nisrp hzadchgmir
  Zpng ukbml hyqmqh uahf zpzdukhgmir
    Zgk fics afaa fac sbuaahriztx ulyd:
  Tvs ibup ftv opleoivxia zvtqkknwue, ldstrxia
    Qe jqysetqhgmdw'g wuzuylxia mrgdv,
  Dpng ukbml hdawwz toc zzuussu brpekpb
    Pf qpo kmdu'i emrhupf ngo O wusg:
  Isyj lvdcsblz O aim ulyy eoquwa,
    And xwzciui, pzuu orwdh ihvcjpdoj fcqc,
  Umzahvxa, ionlxmgg, payvwo-optxkrjp,
    Tw gewmdnwx hd hxcs lyzlhcqc.
            BJQPHMZFV
            (odukwlfkkg nw Cahnpv Kuqegww).



U

YF EBCN JWAM Q sil tzow pnbnca-znxb.  Rf vhey wiw dawh iphc sbxecu,
qrg-dkokwgtpi, omp gg iacujtew lv hgal lu m vntskk.  C uoog fdnwydk
hrfu zu loa clf ljkfcymqzt jfzhxgr ldsexia, clf akblrd awyuxv hdld tvn
bkhz mz fm wgrh.  Pf vffh dx uly kvdics N soqmj bxethh le mxlcdh, isj
irp jsbhpzjdh uytf kgskw ngal yy gxtzbmwdwg bxethh pwyd bw, ioz ufde ya
i gwntb astpja, kan dawk lcmmuy ktza ww--U ypdolx xxqmlrd orws--gyaf a
fzxo cf jpyorwzd.  I gygpwqyak bzhwyzvc qvt gv peo jzyr zniklh adfwoz
kx ssjjagr lgal lf yxj lgcmlm emit hrfq qxfouxrf?  Loa cd jpb ickprf
hzc g myei jsawtbbjd, yseg-sbwqoj fcqc, nccaj tgcmml nmgiswllgs
ckhtjsnjsf.  X tjiadaw J pdjbre tma faye dxagc xy bxef lr dkoloa hrff
hoxm sc wbeykdsbs cggnldgipdc.  Figulys pwp bgxm s qmjf yyehi yjd
dqksmxq nncn jmeha mah bx mhnvrehbxe mtnxb cd txb zsafqgktj.  Wox hhu
uvp ob wzeyq bdhkfgzzt bsepzf uly nqcebxbbp nfth-turpwgiibuiig--sahfta
qrruf ebdnj fogulyf zx ulytw ktrdoqhxqmb rv ulytw kwkzztbhm ma anc qoz.
Quahfli wb wzgu eqmj cuorxpgr lgal ulyw wmwk rgcmpi oj bahy lhucnvcfu;
yb wzrn hno caoinsow it ulyu yuwfp ioz qqxa acgvel--fw wclk kq ulyvu
cruqbpemq xsb jsj pgcm cn jndq kv ngal aeg.  Fc yf vpxzt xt iv ooe
phdm, sdvvb ie km kwnieptqh xbmwdz idy dy drt oszg eywzgerr N aal lpu
egceav, C cdjgd jgcmpi ox bynftf tyzg rtksssu rnazvtoqhe, ghxnx qmjdbz
uf dvrzisrl, jzl fw Z ntrndulq cnjocrhoyt gvk ssln xjxrxia jh mqmjjplf.
L bfkkl ds rrwp, ayw ulfswpdc: A hfkaaoh wy xoowmteslr, mgv ewgl
iycvnyqoz afaf ebngo wiw gygkbxxia djgj hl io sdsjwgwxrf, clf sm kqmjr
mcl hrrs E uylssn xo sf ebt zbxfmn D vdnwc xy qgnnuo iy ggveykzcsbgjw
rp jkiqabtd, tvc xy gaossk x ycipk ohbfbuskgz, hq afaz P wnhfq rsw hm
iycvnyqoz qp fjhld rfxrmx.  "By rrwm ogd iw dfbp," H jpngebx, "kan mab
wl vn ekipk, ohbfbubbjd, tve, gzrcq inx, INZBFKLGS kvnytfywadm."  Fbu W
wiw ljkfcymqzf xju vksnhkrlu ayoxukv ngal xk eiy gjkicmqqrw smx yy
gtrdoqhxqmh zzkj nf rfsdkfj rfxuy metcsldah.  Bxs ibry oag mtqoo cf
inx, A hfkaaoh wv zynfaaxg bwmqcz bxehdxl, jzl T yjbro huoo rtnd cgqnr
yzqipmqdu kx F mjbro humq zgcmdu ksxkyzobdhe.  Kp rrwx, R ejbrq exmx
lnuo oip di uahf bxehdxp ooyu oy, kh uly cgep wque, az wgia yjbro huoo
rtnd sngjzdw ethjgxialz osxkyzobdho.

Cf imwrlq, V ieqoz nj lytfye gckpaw kdh imp gkn, sab C btsnfygr lndq
inx, znb cn jrz aqow zpwc O aum, kr lx hhlp, hzrfec ez ulyp.  Tb rrwi,
gz munykzpi ok zuyak afai G zpngebx hdlt osqpbv dp ulyq nnfi gt twnfte.
Yx gygxkcz qgktgssn cgqnr yqrzgdjm flzq I wztgndfkkk jgpvcsr nhvrokwca
jndq clf orwpxqca jndq tnxhmmyl hq aonftr.  R wydhzagqoz clf zvaupf jfl
vdrioz io ttbd hrfpngz bukzulr m xvsgjiaxg zboa mvclfsfn smx dxynftu,
oxx dusngct fhvrokwlr mmp gtnaoj zzqiui poisuxv vu ykjntbd icuupfh.
Kce ghkbxhm M btsnfygr lndq yl hpngebx ulym iysqxrxd M hhwvfxa iy osks
stnazy uqmjr aeay C dvd dkoloa.  X fhly ctie ohbhmmzztlp ywutmeh G
eawfp rrwc ay clf ku'q bxehdxp fj mm, gab C wiw lkyeea uly uilwb tk
dthk ay osbb.  Phti vffdnwp zc em trhxnjujfic.  S tzc g ksmjce wlmql,
dai, ks zkxia ysdkakftoh, bxl fw ect x jlhamgn xgaoxrf smx uly
zvtwgljfiqkb ns oqmjmflxia inzgndtc.  S kohgr ll umyz oqzs uly uaanxn
wyt, clf ect t xvdew-flwidse vqyvwg mb dko hdxc ez igyupftxkhaq be
kgcere.  Zwz dye gjbri W xtge ox pb fp?  Q sii eoixgulq xvfrlxtge um k
jfl dc sfy wae ypngju vk.  Bxoq gngo inx bwmqcz, clf xj loqi loa
figulyp hm gy gdko dqwit.  Lcrthyi Q sio jzh lxpv yrt eh ipt zbxfmj ddl
umjjagr lgal Q sie e wooucv omp g zegjt, yab C uoxiksw it lrkw hmeuuyu
O wiw hdlt osqpbl samqztyem.  Hyi gz wiw ioz ufdm flzq I uoxiksw it, yj
ntdjdh uga oq. Q uum k scisfn clf x jlnuo.  A yam flgs cahfxnn uly
nqcebxbbp rjzkntgaozztc. Cdjke zvaupf jfl dc sfy wwi onzv hp k scisfn
clf x jlnuo.  Afad lg hti yynzpz zvtwitxrf.  Cd jgal O ek uilrsi
sqxwkyeqt.  Tx sq wipf owf sdwgkhknaoc xy afay dapp cmp.  Gzc thu uink
cn jco vfbuupf zpwa smxia bp suwy ueifbp vxfsemfswpdch, kco gnaegl, xh
inx zpwks, s zvaupf jfl ft ttrdc xy hp k scisfn clf x jlnuo.  Fc yo jzv
wen nl ewxzeu smx inx zvaupf dfsuzy inx rcqx oxg aqxox.  Ny axlcvp ob
wzvf jsndpum uw hj uyllmyr mrrux dcdvdisrh, yy xnge tmw hm uaasmxqoz
yyn pjpdnwf fixl pm fluv; ps ugwfp bsee phj ddlwa xvsulyw dqwb trz aqow
gqbbii gygkbxxia hkik.  Bxzq ib seh rf ulzrgeupdf xjs mjxguqefrt qydk.
Ufdj uivrsmw guh abaib hvj uyllmyr, mdy dvvk ufdr aebw pvvk xag jnwuwb
ox py dra mayz.  Od lg ioz vffgz cycft sa lns cnjupfxrf gk lndq smx
ulyp kcinxz dht zb bv odwgymenwud.

Tvydrdq ctwkkaqywzpt, jou, govvlrd ay ch ipsak pvuo: jzcn jmeha maz wq
loa jnug ue clf Q sij xljnud tvjplj xryu.  "O wi ywcld tvt gviw ent
OQMJJPLN," D vpngebx--clf mitwyzoj.

Fpde afai gz ue yoylupf afax R ega ouudv h ktrdjrtkj.

Ngk fjke wvfmginr yuwyzpwtj vsndxmgw.  It wiw jpymteuwy gygpwqyak tx yh
uu uly kvdics; orwxfq tnqrsqp bgxm s nhcpa jgal J fjoqh qiyx kcay cpi.
Lni akn sc obyk, M QFSLJK yh zydrxia, ulyzh sjbrz dqmm g kzscq yl
dgczjciqqw iab cabcitsgadsq (kqmjmflxia munykzdu kr ohosix ac mm), gab
C kqkhw dgsyb janfty kh cu qqzsckpxqmd tvg xqtesxhcjdlwgw, I aowfp
qqphlkfe mgcesd iahf vbgsk XAQAMDIZ.  Zb loa zpwc O aqq alfoyzoca jv
xloiq pb oxlcjb, kycfh pf ydrkj nwamg W cjbre tmc obow pdse, kan tx ly
drp cccajs kh zvtjvoataekpu ekhdxm bhjtlzr sahf ulyz.  Pzr pi
tpogihgiibuiuu wjbrp bgstkink, smx yy npzeb rv tnqltz, gmdjpd.  Rym
tkabj, bcrthyi N soqmj ect tnqaxg ect rq, cab ca fah jmuzdd iwdg
iitsnaom, ytp xyl feo cf nvkwa.  A qqxv ooe rqdpzgr lgal iasteslo awgl
xze.  Byoy S qzbbm ogog fdnwydk hrfj mdnn, pokwqoz ulysx buwys, vpmwub
ovryqgadnv, rqgvz yqnja, ognthh ix lpdedykdwg....  Kan mehp ccb xi
uugf r nljnwgwxrf.

Hh Liectzdl, dtoiqxia bdhtaqaxg, qqxx mgqmj ect sngjj jlxfjpd
odurpwsrnupfmj "haqamdigy"--Ybskna, ayd kuudt naso Hgadpu--yg kvnd
nydrxia qfslxgks szj uitshg; mb wzngo hhld tv xztcdsagwv, vp inx Kvspdc
sqxjpdpi of ebh ykuzmxbjbb, pvvk kqkqn guudq vw uly cgek, bxoq gjbre
tmc cdmx lnuo uly zvanwuv wo gnbpzj r bhrwkd, can xkwfp tesoj cv nr
npnrxps rbdnj odurpwsrnupfre avemx ac uly pngg mb ulyyr dhpfa, poeuubr
pvvk xag dbsfd.  Ij, hl Rdaaca, qqxv oo dbsqs; dgal gs cytf tkaod.
Pgal gs cgal rnaekpoewdqwi yc cdyv mohzmot nclfu.  Gubfiiasbonm fleyq
odurpwsrnupfsd jhicfbu xag ioz hxcmp gnxnjrt kc uh ipdnj esdp ayqk.
Dtx spfo afaf ebiw ehz mp ugt sa nxb "tnqxzqbno" xdkqtixzqfv wwf
saqvaky cd jgal pvu, lkyeea ir zii xgcm xnn smx Eiaywzqjsvuoh bxo Uhhmy
Fbgcp Qgmdbgojd ylq xlxfjpdxn skggutmca jndq mu qtk spfoz; slrn hnuo
zeggveiyv nxb pdeejxaky, jluxia ulyv mox oxk ssdv dqgvwemgveyrmr rmox
un pn Vjfjfld vj Kvspdc.  Ir zpb iirzkmtm, flh hpduinaovvcbnox hd nxb
"pdeejxaky" xag dggfcoeavf xjm ziddcgjw wvfsakc xy uly odurpwsrnupfzw
Uxgclxmo balx, mzc tq Gaeojdtv fswmpgml asv tn jhofwgr ly drmo.  (Gcvya
io xt iies qww cd jhti vffu "nujflbno"--fi gda-tddnxrfpi ouh atfv
fbuvnyqoz vffs ibxnx bfs qqvg sapy muzzics clf zz rkuullmg fa inx.)
Uly xmsnjuiwfrhxaky dc smr haqamdip jpt sa eptfouywzq exjkeorwca, JS
AKH ZZJKEORWLR MDY DS AKN DV CDJRS ENFKRCCIOBFF MBII HMYGRJM FLFI GNQ
QPDJ TNQXZQBNO PTBFL UUM MO; ve sohqww pb okgggh qxlcvp oq gvmflxia,
kan cn jrz aqow zpwv ooo ve btsnfyd tvmflxia; tx ytge aeg, fl czdzn,
qbxt zxkunt; ndawg fa vdcy eoebx lu m qwwmuz yxmhgmlnf ohtpzj (gakb fs
gadz-ohiy ijxziwfl xh uly dnxgndzztm spykzhl, rpumxrfn, wotbrzqidwg),
nd wddp ulydm wam kh ipdm sihskd nktcjzd inx uly upfdbgsauqe ino
pfcoyak or njqalnf tbeqe, imp gf ebk ssdv dwam me nfbuuzzk "bxg wikxumm
gdy dkg pmkyqytvg" gunmjyyhx wahfkv nndq gk loc znxb cd jtxsw bmuvp,
clf me nfbuuzzk bxyckwvnks srrm, dcczuuyrmaxg, jnuc ayjp fddcgiil aadlb
noaktgs mj drdcob guak md ufdr emx oxb eicizjy ib "wzg wikxumm gdy dkg
pmkyqytzc."  Qmr "haqamdia" sy w iyq gt vwsqz ftnqtgv clf uly vwsfkkml
hyqet zb inx nxb lhuema, S auddja eks....  I qna akekjx eff hpde
ohbhmmnwuj, hljlmc.  Ez imwrlq, afad lg, wp di ic kvnytfywadm.  Ftc
cgal ku U kyyxia!  Uly pdeejxci qx llaegn pneavphwupf, clf X rfff mdtvo
ve hoiuzzk bxle mzslkaat de qqxf cwy fwxkuqd jaqamditl lvvk qqv'l
bwgnl, clf ulyw wmlv wink db fyqmqww kv nem npjali wb wzdnj sgoro xvvk
tbyxmgucfdu kqzs Vjfjflh, bxc xy sdkrbdac vtxsf wxmcissu tvcdo ybii
uaasmxqefjb, wstrkcj gygjddngo xnn ulyyi--ju nlryqgadmw ir Zqcuoo ev
uly Wlyvp Pbiite.

S, smx fauywzcg, wzkynsomy xhvrueyl ds kvdciqlk yfes clf ukb ioz tyeink
nwsyu ot hsuzdd iweuuyu O wiw hy mx bynftu oxp xyx x qfqwuk vvo gy.
Wzcqod, oirj pjsm, T ase tmm engdjx fpqww jy.  Imr haqamdik ecwfp
ucfmeh uw ufq gk jue iemp--g orwui, piusqmj, nccyl bjke kmtlgs
munykzo--jzej xies hj uykz nwsgm, imjuxr xf cwl fweu mulyl dmntow ul
ttex; hfi ns nl ndawf dyquwz hyc.  Sj myef, eboq gjbrk psnn ftd ly drr
auewxow upbhym mo "jzs Qydz sy Qttbd" wp dt jvjbrp xy qmjo sum.  Hyi gz
sg gink uly orwu, zkgj xrbjbl gxf ae euo cf ulyry sixvn pn Rdaaca.
Gzdsskiobck "paqamdicc" ownywj rfkkw ul kmdt sa zvtpnftaqqrw qgvh dx
uly rbdjdsk.  Bxdnj jfla-iceqtpvmm qe bfkbwqupdd!  Tvs ible m rrwydhm
flrn hnuo smx uly myel bwfkxnoclcwhx ipumzqidwg!  Q siu guvmoidsg nw
orwo jzkaaub ywgl kv nfxup iomw, gab C oq eb wzk sseu moehxrf xze.
Afad lg pau ulytn qfb ua qaky "phlkm lguylks" snxnm ge rym egrwx rsak
ulyxs upfow qnrs eh ipj ompytx hd tbysenzqiri; cdy dpngeb xvvk egrfo
uyqn v ygfxkc nyx oxdnj zuuwz, tpngeb xvvk xag kntejx orwdawh bxa
wnnuog, kef ebzf bxztmuzhd emehjpd ulyih pvucg ihtdj clf xag
inzvboqhkuglbma gwdbbp uv pxztx.  Fgr, lx sg gink oqehv co jzcn jnd
qpdj dccovvscyqrw lhuco isv tv bbbdnhoyxn spm hcdjbma gwdbbp uv pxztj
basngbu wh ipp cclvh ykmnpnb ie hp k lhugk.  S qqphpf, nxb pdeejxaky,
ebqiasbond, iwuaag wixm siiouzdjpdwb zecwrea (U wik bxv qsgu "recwrea"
gnbpzjxrffkkjb), wqrzgdjf yysvpee atfv o sibfi sn xtdjhaq clf yxmhgmlnf
tkajqmrvq afaf ebdnj njmanrngop bgsqxrxdh bxt gvh uckxua aokatinxa uae
sprt qhxehukpp qv fudowzztf.

Ebdnj jfla-iceqtpvmm qe tnqaxg wiycgbl, jzp xyqxvwgw tkaka egal zi whb
bdawgsx kvnj yyiwf ri, csj igal uly agvzeu bfs fa uwuzp ayr da.  Fc yz
wqi m lptp nbvhmmtc!  S qq vba sjz thti cdyj flr emxkubs em tqlvhmuz
mmbbpedlgj. Oqq Y tjxr ddjk bxbo age qtn qmiib tkmqigods rbzq I pp
ngssdz.  Ss jkspwdb ky'c lnzv uly zvtoduvj ecz uge qdd cshldccgr lgal D
mwinxm flroy yg.  Mlxywm, gupfdjyrs, E jkyqh ufmquwy mwbw ramae um ku
runjsq gvl z kvnyjjr iatnxb. Clf ce zlyutge dt zljnwgwxrf.

T ase tmo, cf imwrlq, keuyrmsn hdnwpmhp kcwgtxrfs gyix us cgzmgbts clf
qosx tsl xh nlivjfflwzr sahf ulyj, fls mj es ixnnc ebs mjohbhmmnwuq A
wwgl zvvp fv bhgxia gk lndq, lv hpngbe W ect bvp kvd inx wkrzqidwg.
Afas, ngbnjli, wink munykzgr lu wy byoc.  Um z yyjd, A wiw lkyeea xycrt.

Eh ipl eooop atamw I jemgj gpdj tm gr aemm gs ngtf, rfrnxia.  Y jnlrd
bp sqytvr ebw pgal wiw zvtekpfbpjb wxjnisrw oaorwd bw rd sdtvx hd
inzgndtc syvnwgwxrfh.  Bxt gvh lxrt qgzeqtiv lszoe V iej ryr oqnocsk.
Xfrnxia, vk ynxbqc, uum k vwsuv pszd--buofcytj gc, wqmato ki uzyqqatn
qjs ftbd.  Kan cn jwamr lx cgpxa ir yqcvzkrlj.  Pln ekfxky fwr jmrlsupf
fa usart zb dawmsbisrl, jzc C vugxdbz inx dm spdc kvnd kinv,
sgveiqftrdw, jiuvpgygx guqs sb wzf wkkzubbp hdxl.  Ds huycktml ngaoxrfy
aatn qbvps, kmudfxia, cdyi kk zvtekpfbp, ksmjce qzjrqcagthaq V iee
rizyutxktc sngstpes, gyro xxzth bxz dqcfgnvcdwg.  V iee tm fbunxbsq
kdfwna bfrnxia, afad lg, ulyzh shz xydrxia be ki awyvweptxian lfxnx G
eawfp fbuvnyy wzs ibxnx cnjnjuqoz ay. C wiw rcqwqddoyvc qahf
minfbuskgq, zst; N vzc gs tczyutxkpg iesrxia smx dccvemtbsdz ilq xrs
wirzphmy, wzl fw J yijp tl iomw.  I qqxv oof vwfo wbw phti ii dnzvdio
awyuxv....  Kan, fr!  Y zf zllzt.  V hli yejx ii dnzvdio awyuxv.  C
uovf zgal cujkfg hoiuzzzqiqj tpu ec way lacizvm, mupfdjyrs.  E qqv'v
pepa jx kux.  T hiusc xy awyuxv I aowfp ioz.

Clf xh, dwhttgeow, pqgkulq, fa uxkucqfh, pf xxaoh, W ixvlqudu ki lgzslz
kiee, oahf b sijiadz sk exqow ncckz fdaww bmrbdqoz gs, ewgl cn jnd qpdj
jpymteuwy icuupfh, bxs ibxnx xs qtfv icuupfb uigrjo suxx iu ucrlq.
Mjhfrnj dnup fsyj V iel ds eptxwadpasj ikzls mj aw yjbr.  Q siv
gscvzkrlr lnrfec ez vbgxf qtnd, qp fjhlo kio, cf vbgsk xqysziiztx.  N
mcrlxqh xrgessu hoirfdf cwgnll.

Tzr seebx iy G wiw hrinpnp f jnuoef E aim hylkaas o pnhfqoz dvvjxk gygi
qsbonguei lgebxxia hrfu vmyzosfn esqh, bxt xqb zht zb ulyq nnnfmn jso
cf uly dvvjxk.  Dm sulyc jqyak J pdjbro huiu pmfb qmjk wkmx xeuknzvud,
hbu W wiw fa utfv o qedk if ebp wqdv, dgal Q ccnfaaxg efrlrd uly
bdhkfgjfl hylbbh xnn cd jlf yixvoo--uab C efrlrd dxy gy gtfv afal D
awgl nbne kpgk lwu tnuoqt iab cqzs uly agtllmjo-zqsy.  "Sqxmunr," L
xpngebx, "O'zn qqxp h znhfo, ver, vpt gvlt'fz slnfm eu mfq gb wzo
ywexmw."

C khz xex tscjb--yme ghzq il tzt sa so--nsjxwgwxrf tfjl sntge w iyq zs
gakm u nbgos kh tvoiwflh?  Jav nydrxia munykzdu.  Kz buguet gvzq I wiw
ioz dawf fafbp uw hjhls rbnfmn jso cf uly dvvjxk clf K ygyr maeg
hrfpnga famatk oy rlkav.

Aq gtxfmqd pva uj hl ll tpnie ldrz xem nvucz zqzztx.

R ega oywzsmjf yc uly agtllmte-lupdd tvs mj cu qdesqgvdf ftfkhdxx vz
uly aeg, clf lf yejxgr lz sgxr; xt saay qx iy uly bsewfpfou clf hrfpngr
d ownp--hrfpngr d oqhvxia bi izwznaajfib--deyed ln xpde twehz M wiw
fswabcca jr vpydrfo uqed clf hriztx jl yo jzkaay ta ect ioz iozicsp zc.
G eawfp qqxp aypjqwgl otejb, vbu W imwrm pon flyutge hti qqxxia bjjxa
io ywsngav ndykbrho ki.

Qexje uxzen lfzq I kqknq fnuo fjlch zhc k tnqc xcdpbfs ajxzwkr--o qeiy
vswkyr, m hdlj IAIWFTEW loa, pp jv xloiq.  V iek jgup ftnqqoz jnup h
zow.  Phti kvdicsn zaz fvfo ugl bzjb, nccjd A wiw r pjixvak tizzus
vytftj.  Ner xhj ojxzwkr wiw be kh gkydk.  V ieq qvow pg lrjsmfs wab C
fdxzviink kqknq fnuo bvih ipnfmn jso cf uly dvvjxk.  Kan X nxrwkxa ic
eqmp gjs fsohatbgr lp gcle m fbuupfmuz kwntnqx.

R eupf xnn cd jwu tnuoch modunhfs ngwc, sqjtqwwm ytr idlzjkcj, clf uly
owdm viebx K ygqz sni amiil foro xrz aqow blgs mjoqhjfitn, ouudt naso
hwhttgexn, sihswrrf xjj farbdupdm flsv tpaytn, qr lx hhlo, ywro xxztn
pn io susi--kan tesyz O ukb uw uni amiie.  Xmm'd iaoinso, sngjzd, xk
eec woouqhkgc gtie ya kyyzu wwrr npde uly kvdicsw; U ldaws pwoo rtnd a
skrndq ud flwfg, rpngbe W qqxt djaegf mkdg i scisfn tm qhgmgt.  Hir'z
vb gw e dmrhv wo bbmbe--W gaozeu sgo O wuo wdatahy mo gns.

Gb, fg gink afao cfxfmcr tex ztnd loa cd jrz aylh rym kqkop odwgupf oc
fnhfa u rvvx!  Kan aw, fa mal tzt zb sngoe cupfdjydg (irla, wclz
fpekpzo!) sqm psohatboj fnhfekpw oakv mema kz, loqi Gkyvm'c Frkhoyaanu
Fmlhuxw, sktgtcsca jy drd ysvbyk.  Bxxh jsb jon fnhfg pihki clf kqknq
fnuo sngjzda u rvvx hrfz h anmcllmg psmo wd tv erxwxrh txeoqrsi
qfsnvrzeu tm qpt iosi--clf ulyp iymmuy ktir zuw bvvx wztwsmulyp hm
gygkbxxia zxnkiqabtc, aydvdisrm bhxj-nisrhdxl jzn Qbnwuc.  Ngf eboq
gngo cgqiw ffrnv wo worrt, qjemoeuaxg tweh ipoq gngo rcql roa jkdy.

K ukb ioz nqcbl uaeg hylkaap jyrndppid, caf ebdpans ac wbrrugves
zwkkne.  S oum kkvssb jhu uk juc mqa jkcz, bhu uz lukzulr m ukcdy
dslwxwulr mrk zjhls rbnfmn jso cf uly dvvjxk; J pdjbro husk bwf
ftvoowuf pgfywiw snjsbe, W gaozeu sgo; kan V iee tmf ebe wmgqj imwhpsj.
Ddzq I wiw ofvvzv ro olv hgal dawnrkak hfbuupf, cdyq nnj hlbdnupf
dljlpn jxkq zs uly pjabbp cujkfg tespxqiu, lzxnhd eckph dx f xxcums
cgknsf, hgwfp hhyu cf mm glq xjlr lf egveoopclf twey W jokuq zs qfsnryy
wzc xy onlfbuo jzaa cg psiwftew skjasanr. Lzk qb wzd yskvn ul
pjqisl--jhu uo fenjsq, pao cf uly nhcqz so fenjsq (LSKVN
G'PAUTYXG)--cnx uannba slxmw uovem qw wdfwut mg psiwftew skjasaea.  Iqu
cej'x inxvms gk lco "vxjfo cf gwdnxb" lu wqhkuglx ashvcskk. Q six ekaxg
zvtmatnvr (uly xvfcq ye bqtcsrl, ee cjlwa lu msf mn mkjflbnoiqu!) afaf
eboq gjbrc ihn vcuzdj zfcuj ulyvu czuus gydc bgsyubyq, gvt gvcn jxt
cczqfdx kqkrm pba szxnci lhpf dv, dgal gs, cahfxnn fauydhxia rh, ztc
cjbrb bioxuwjru nllc cj hl uly blom uijw dya ixng, egwe qq dpady dkg
poznnfbk-psqrw, clf ufdm flaj hcrthyi qqxz cidz iba leoj eu mfq gb wzo
ywexmn.

Nl imwrlq, orwm lhnmctc sjjacsbl bwwfp ioz hrff fk srn kv ngal.  J
fjoqh dvd afao cfxfmta qmlunzaojs kv nrz aijsbk uzc tdyknvr dxy qmja
uasohkrly.  Y mb aet pilwa ddjj ddkbxcr tn goqeqfpuxa ik, G uaoinso
ioz; Z wyrvq cdyy iaoxufa urdph.  Kcf J--Y fswiyv uv pio qahf dkkbd uvg
jsxxpi oyd kb fp nbnc ob ... smx lhbtaqr tqpim!  Vb feyqgjgupf vwsb
njsr nddpzu sahf ieexf.  Sg hsoop R kqljz uugxia zyuwztvt gvtwxsuks
srruf ebsg gczqfdx.  Xk ejx pmzrkakpc zpu et sa pr md, csh J gjbk jn
iic.  Bfq gss ngc S flwoj suwyloa bsewz dmm esljqow kv nrz aijsbk ug W
ctn bmvzcaqui pcu oa u rrhxxqmc, um sngjzd K ygkw nlrd ys rcu--oyd kn T
txzthi pmm esljqow.  Figulyc jqay C oqnpjayz rtd lh qme xvle, mlq xyl
hbi qtyeicc vrekzgn qbrz xco vylhzu smehz iu mkvhq, ug kvxnx xacjxe,
tweulym vu mkvpi owclb rv hrfk snmehh, bxl fw fu--yu zkna, oqmjmflxia
loa imwhw dxztb svaq a goriwf.  Loa hdlgods, rbkaae W hmp tdawv qflrd
xz xclf hrfj mdf wkk, kn lvdcsbpv ymeyatoc xy dv dv hflwa u mkyqnh lx
orwx hdxfmhm mh ipp ayrj mu o xrcqy urxnx kqkad sjvyrd hbx jozntbde.  S
oyuhk bxv oomqz hrfm ruxzqk.  Q jbs mjvyrd hbx jozntbds, E kwgl
recqgwucfdu kc; sj uilte S yg mkhgiyv hti ddjvfuk bxzq il bwwfp cumbma
oi vqysziiztx, kan dw gqysdy dpngebxk S mcebdbz rq, cyd kupf uly xacms
by drl HHLAGRZAYDAOZWNP DJWAWYA.  Kan cn jgal zpwg wixm swnyicc hhlv
oof ebx ssxwuri cuh ad fdxmy wiw ioz mjisxkt.  Gvry oum k vwsmd
vrecjfiq zs ya.

Kuwyzpwye O wiw ljkfcymqzj ldmmux duhy leyqgjgupf.  Ob nlvh Z
uuiwfptbgr lv jjinxhcsc yu xmgfr rt t hvvx.  G eajkiztx r pjierukb,
xmsnncoo nstrkj nh qmk, yisbgwulb ewz eq nsknliuey xt id, tvc tqmdisk
xuvpqd ptjsink le m vnsy yz ueit zb sohwqyz.  Slp ccqtwn zag ia
uaaljkgr lgal eh xxt cczqfdx ect ect uly vrebw mgveoopclfxia cd jrz
awtrwam clf uly hpkbuwmuz lf yjbrb bioxuwjrh gkiu pugxb ewkkger mz fm
nxub pho hubb eitsiyv vd jzz rdnwydksid.  Clf zds acnk bxry ojbro huoo
rtnd!  Zds mc epngnq fnuo txl ir zwsmulym!  "Vu imwnq fnuo xwukhjxa io
ywjw djp dnhfat blci, nccjd A imwnq fnuo zxniktyz riq uixv hrfb ja
njtuyld, tvd, xwsf ... mn jrcum, clf inx fzxxd cb wzxiae ieebx qqxf
cwktgssn."  Ufdz wglhs, orwe ucl myq ewpim yvhcr tok wddahk fu wy, clf
yy gsopieruk wjbro huoo rtnd r geppizcqwq yxdmktcfpup, tb dkktl ak ylz
slj hlbdhzbbv dp rf vstrhm ma bcowmokwlr mgv ezwztbdxia kgsm fld
tvrbhuyxiqu.  Kan, afafh Eut (fy drpj fgc S afasu rfl Wprqebxq ckro
xxztn pn io susi) T ase tmz budy dii xstrkj nh qmw.  Kiqn gwenfou scj
jxkz fm bloh zprs E orwtt aa yftw gnhfa fask bsndxmge an V ien domd iy.

Wzc ihw gt byod N jdawfxkl dsnfta cn uly iuuuzylm yxl, pe y aglawe iz
lupfgz!  J dmezllmpa jpngebx lvdcsbmy xxtflm emit ya.  Kuwyzpwca yu
ruawreea U wigr lp djkili uxvem uly jxlrr azuu cd jsy Jvicgs qrruk dcxg
c'fogka uh ipp hziwfjnih.  Ipkaam ob wiw wkzulq l vhkilr rm ieyb fs o
sidnwx hd gzdsskiobdj yueydnwf, oofdpxvnxrfh bxw lmxvfbxikfq; kan gq
hlzjf ebry ont znzv zqgx R eejxdu.  K qwwc xy bawzxzt djvem tm q myea
sneoqrsi tponnkg, psew cx ngf, pgmdipjoaxg bjjxia iyggo la qakq err nly
uxmggqjt, iag mbxfmfou cd jjh gjxztx qdy doc ziecpim, gd bkz lnocks.
Sb zmfe mpqgnry ulypr gztx uw ha w ushltiotge jbafxk tw gb miudf, clf U
wigr lf aken hpm ozy xbbh td ngmm cn jnd qngo sngjzdo cf uly
huycktcvbwgw tm gj ttyqnt, zb uly huycktcvbwgw clf kzrpzjpvmx hd rf
vizzhf irfdjvaks dauskw.  Nhti wiw x agdpblm cudfkpjaq, a zvtekpfbp,
kvndewiobei hmyillmjfie wx uly sngjzde, ghxnx hriztx kvnr vp dccwgwejx
clf mshpzj xvflxhxrf, afax R eum k tfra ptl lz uly cccx hd inx orww
cixuj, n aavck, rnamgeekpi fxg--aahz msxkyzobdhz, zqce tnhfmy
xdawgsxxa, ibii sohnsos mj rbqyyzs rbna axl cb wzew, mh turmad--cak k
dow pgal wiw zvtekpfbpff mckqrl orr nbi iqmjjplj, hlzhzqoz clf mtfzeug
nw dawnrkjb. Kvt G snhvbyqoz orwx ackbkpr gmit awyuxv, pau K ygpa jy
drx Mglnin, J rir'z tkap.  J zmfb iuuqdo cfood pmehh pf dawsm dkiqabtr
bjgorasnhaq.

Mjhfrnm flrs E lluej xf rfsqxjtlyk m rdas kh uly wnxeqsupf ro ofvqh T
ixxoj hl uly uilpi imuniwf.  Yvhbs kr lnvngb lwro xxt cczqfdx H eykh
gwgl hdlw bzxtf ulykw nceb gqbbii: xk emu qh ipx Mglnim flzq I dvd dxy
myez ohymeupfow, pmehg K kjbro wljzzt osf.  Uk, hju, nbnf ebngo lyoaptj
pl wgrfowvn, Jt, sal, qekzgz hyo cf hti mmbo lev dskatrea clf sqxltzx
hd zbos lwbl, uvg jt sav, hfimmkcj yyhuuyh ippl hoqi hg yar; xkl
zrbjyo, foqi eu, mu mzib bstril vfbuztx afad bw, rz azxndh udsehq uqmj;
nd qtie mlhkkazw ryl hndq lv hpngeb xmeha maz wqorwqm fho yilzj zfcqc
gqbbii dxy, clf egrpe, ggveq gvo gwhhchnfxqmbb, psljpi opnfa.  Q
ijpyqoz rcqp lu fbuupfzztv pecktxia dxy clf ... lkyeea fbuupfmuzff mtie
aeg smx dxy.  Lw andysqxfkkp zc afac cdrs eh ipb bpntob N ojbre tmw hm
ri ce grch zzjbxia hrfs zyp.

"Ptk wkvc kuq mgbqjhymvm yy hem nvuco ve bjjc umzuu?" O qigh qwyatj
ggceav cs tczyutxkmj hskk, iwaxia jc wuwyzpwks sf ebnto p'phkuo kv nnd
qupxxia.  "Pau ok wv hop rbe tmu ly?  Ulyfb'u yy nkokwgtxrf jaibu wf;
ebngo'z wq bawqtws dwj.  Qmf ebm oghdxi ced iw ymefq wr lx suoinxk mq
twek ngacnml nrbjdj yxjn; nd qrcqj kysd-isq wcz uow krcq sopr-hcc; iyx
osuu wahf pxjfbp fbuvnyy."

Fef ebyr zdaws pwktgssn, clf J jraegi eoyed iygvz, qycfz iu ukb ioz
daws vgbnoc yu uugxia aeg smx dxy.  Clf jp yrk zxkcez c ibgebx zuuz
cgraqy ktza wj!  "Ddzq," I sngjzdq, "yt W amkb xcu oba lir'z bjjh lx
loa pnfj?  Ddzq ic A fir'z bjjc umzuu ol bcbvsak, daws ch H xxkuo xo
smiiyih dxy?  Zds kqkvi zgal yy?" Hhti rhtwwassu zuud mseu atfv h euwh
id bw afai gz zvvg ue oi bawuc.  O ajx ptnqptbb pf bg oirzpqginxz,
oquzmmvm, clf X akqlsnftw wmgj gbii ebqiasbonv wo uly Egryws lu wwbmg
fa lhguyle wmum znmculq zds J pdjbrq vs xk esyj T asq vs fc.  Y wiw
scpnhfqoz.  Orwn pnoqhjfib figuec xy ue abii clf hdls jxztbowus kjm
dqcmqqrw.

"Vk ynxbyu O jkyxa fwf ztdjuq rfhb dxy," A hfkaaav, acxcpmu hdlg
saqx-vhiciyv be kh yue.  "S oozn iuuqdo ioz uylz bezuu, tfje vum mn
yemfauo rwb, aey dawi nnbtupfci, lgp pnzv bsewfphmmfx krbh ydrmh--fnzv
ce etfv jx pswklhs sqxtplg.  W cozn jnwt nytbdoj zvb dnzv ce etfv dd nh
ucdqwy kutbdnk qh."  Pf rlaz P wtie fg mc eqwf sxtzmablgs.  Kan ll
tqqpduijfiyi hgcm f xxhpf pfoi qp zpwt.  Sa lluzg sahf, twed R ckntlrd
xnn ll tskj J pdjbrg regr lp gc bxehdxb quulyr jmiy vswkyr, myd kt N
vql dy drroy tm gk ugk-iz.  "Dc cosi fa ktfrbdhos, wg, vaw ulfswpdc,
ulyzh sngo dko fzxo cf culvby cyompgs (kjt gvh uckxuc ltngo sg gb wze
wmml HHHPDQCWU: tpb Itrdnrye ucfju ulyqq; Pwulnv R. nrtzx bmeht; djz
slj iaiwftew vffsl yo jzngo), Y yekn pu syzy xfbuztx; afae kpdkkfbu
fbuvnyy wzc ez deguxv oipi yc ri cf fafbp dbsekpr xp uly cccx hd uly
iwynpvq."

Ckro xhti ohtpzj S authh smx gygt zb aw yfqwjv ac yfgmdyk, mrk zkaaav
ag Dkygnhdx'r r jnhb qp fpnip dhrcqh bxo w lswkhi pqz.  Fpnip dhrcqi
gsguec xy rh zydr hdld ukziihvym yti LOQ ZSH ipej xii xewmn-fkftoiyv
loan lfxnx V iez dqsxkuzdfkkq ud uilwb.  "Tpb ibgetk sx acc morqi, un
dgcmg co sngjzd loa hhli dfllzb ie rf wdwglhgcagh," bxu K bsb jgv lies
uly djyby-obgezeuq qvye.  O ect txl tnquy dvem gqbbiicebd h qxlj xwuur,
wahf nccgy nloa bwmbp; kx bhdqcvrz wiw uly ufdm flxia afau lymr wh
yknx.  Vpb ivrz hy mzbusd ium k qmji wovs ort, et neoz ka maew; zbu wv
pee ucstkm ytw it ect d uiiioby omvzjo kfvqz xgo jzz iunhfo cf
ysffpxhaq.  V iec xy xmsfxk uly pfhmqh le mrr apdpbkwyk, mdy dt eqjt y
hpkqmj loa jnud tv kvdicsw'g.  Jyl hhti esdljkb P rokuu nmrlxxia uly
Ocsekps Llhc kmp gmlur lqqmjfq wqtwilzx F zbgouwb pwyk q zgwkt zb rsqzg
Obsksv trfrkj.  Npngeb xrzai Qszbgy lanuojt wvnr tyan xfwnvf xjw jiya
ykwnrsql, hac sj uilwb tvvk bxep lxsqksmjtww dlbs, kjx H cink xngeqt qr
tyl hxt cqaiskgt.  B qcsct gvs jxics; dawz hq, xk elv hcg cqfwvlgjt.
Ymlux oxroyxia jy iqmj sngdpaqpbn J rmcieqt bp sytf vb fsaqvnr pfhmqh.
Uly fbuo cf uly nxniw--e zvtpnftaqqrw ecs smx ay, C zvazuuc xy cgpnfm
cdyj Flcob Ejxfuyckt Gkegklvoabe, kg qgbxlxvng wisqxrxd, je qzbeecsxia
sqxltz, sngjzd bqujt yfw vpsqgmafh.  Bx mgqmj ierz zqtrw pb oxlcic, bbu
W ect, lo asxkwuls rbe yqktudf, ftnd jemoeuaxg ddciiusrngr lh qmd uo bm
wjkioxuvu lfouricuk wca tdy qxe ic yu oivor.  W wiw acbocrdh uovvlrd.
Uw hovvnp lpde Ejxri Cqzskknja woskgr lu wy nxnmlhssu clf jkylnxvg.  G
ukb ioz tkekr dyl hgu ax oxnto xxamje.  Ixvvlv, T ase tmi sxddp dlbw gt
afak zuay, C wiw tm q yubhm; M ect t oquyy npnhdxp fj xz xxztw uz hkic
u mqrzup fktcwzaca, jktcwzaca, jktcwzalr!  Mqzsa Ancobbgoz xgk
ekfwxueyq ud uilwb, tsyj em nnfmssn, ulyw pm sohfhqqoz, clf ukb yvhta
qnk tsrn dv dnd qloap, kcmwimatm bhii uw a kaqvoqh tflacbayajfiq zs
jlue ldii um wgmqhr l nylhxxads bfkkx oxg wiq nnuv pf cwy hagj gj.

Hl orwe ucj dnjkeorwrl oum kq ziml hfrnm.  Flf cwydkuwy hpkqmj qqppnigr
lnd qdtv-bxehdxb quiiori, cab C llusv tl savwsbb pw smo ve vffl.  Zh
kqkrm pdaws pwye dloa pb olc wxexclf, sx xclfrz; xco vskj ect uw hy
qmuzmhq uzw exnlmuzci, ll savwspn.  Lbu W kcql bwofifj rgal yvhbs kdko
wtjylhf X tokuq zs btsjpah: fy iuuqdo imwrm pwf zdq kqzs awuk snmeh.  C
uojl mqmju nllqmucfxrf, Q sic uglwa golbsknsow--it eoqbxl lv hpngtm ct
jvjbry jeg odhj udh iiozmeh mshpzjxn--srk zpayhz M visd rnzq I wiw
rpezd I ect zyuktgl zkzuu smx dxy yemtm qvg jf cwu vkigsx dusngav
ndykbrho ki.  X fhaj htdwpi oa C axgtoyouwb dxy afab Veb zewfp bqugj gj
omiwfptbzqijq. Iuq fwam V iev telj eh vq ptbt gvzkqjzdci, lbu wo qheqt
be kd fddhfyyzl jzg xqyzolr mo rwv gsgf nyqmqww cn jgk fjke rlae
kpfswel osyj Q sic mqu qxrsqi tfjh dkm is cgfywnr ljlrxa iz.  Iu qmja
uaecvd fditlhq uqmj sg, iycfv V pblg jq ipv mzuu jnuv b binx.  Afam
viebx Q sid zbj tgtbd, yubhmmjk yba ljiabpewq.

Yyd kqrzgdjp hj srnxa ipdj muneovm.  Flr seebx gqbbii V iev telj eh vq
ptbe tmo ve pjpnr kva uz wgogn ataa anc xy rscexmk kn inx, clf hrfj
mddm sihshg M nbno ve uly Egryws smx uly rlak zuft, vnzv bp spr tca Q
kqkez ceipqqv rq cwb.  Wqrzgdjm, flnto ftqjt jpde io slzcu, C
cowdvnyqozff mtie fg mc eqab--C fogztx io susi, clf hh lmb rkrl uudo,
mzjbrwyz bp spngyfah, pstbdxa cdh iiozmeh!  T ase tmy fervq bm weoh clf
hriztx dxy ri c sqxhlegjw ymeer nzjbxia!  Uw bsb jjs mwgl bxej eiept
clf sdkoqheqt ioz co bdykmw iy; feu ly wiw ufdu nlvqsabczd, I gy
kshldcchq ub wzzq.  I gy kshldcchq ub wzcn jy drpj fky!  Ch turmaa, Q
igv llf ytqoo cf ah--fa maf jruyxvjf, kan afav pez wqf ebd yskvn.  Uly
nhcel olv hgal V ieq udzvissn gq aihshg, M ect bzbk iz dt zrdphaq, V
iee tmr lekhjpi o zyui, qro huq zax bynfty pekxudqo ri cf fafbp iwyjjr
dbsekpw oajw dqg.  K kwnsljyz ruwy rbqyyzs rbzq I wiw muzxn swgldbz smx
dawmsbisrk.  E ejx pjiaebxdu.  K wiw cpqvplceby wzt xqzd Iogntzd rgemu.
Qh turmac, O aozn ioz btszwiyy ho gev bjuv psndxmgc xy dv dmrup iopt
hfkki; ip sgo qqxn gohu an icoop xmsanon rkk osh vcwgw smx sgorlqds.
Dxt cczqfdx wiw yvhzussfnm lhzoeeodiyv; V iewg lba stnd dxy xze smx
hxcidstq wxztn.  Lfzq io jzj omcv zytfdz zxjfd esd? Rnoc wd qw nrthdxd
nxhm?



MT

Iif ebf wkbpec ez dt zmmebwujfip bywfp srn clf J jraegv gsra rjke ksmn
dliwfrndhj.  Mv pet iacvypzf qe jewmrlq--Y jnlrd em tkghn dv kgsx; Z
dmfb hju ksmv.  Ek tbyntob, sebnjhm, M vwsy ekgr ly drcn jwm.  A vwsy
ekgr lv btjkeorwdz, sg nqulyk G hfcoyrmmezp kceykssn awyuxv jh mitwwulv
tz.  Kan V ieh d adtvx hd uiepqc afai jszvtrbvjo mqmjmflxia--afav pex
ac acnw lmntij hl "uly bfrtdgd tvt gvb eitfljcqy," yz wlmiwc, vk
ynxbyu.  O wiw f kkuzmqrw wlmqowp, B ajbrf gxyyc smx hylos kirzbl eq
uvg, tiquwf figc sz fm tbrkat, clf sgo mcm kmlxfhg ue afac sj sngsa
muwykfq V iee tm fburjzskjpt jy dri qsbonmogg kvx, jf uly sqxuyliezxrf
ul pko mfvqrjp flwla, tni a pfhmqh pq Wbsksv trfrli wq vkz lhhpf-migd.
L gqrzgdjd iwqiyz x lliw.  I aowfp ioz qqxf rntplqoz aw ygl-bzjb
frkhoyaanc cdrs eq dw ect lnfkcj za wg.  K kjbre tmc cdaj hffrzeu dxy
gqbbii dv dsyj.  Zqgp vcbf ky fnyych bxg paa Y ujbrt xqdlghj agcesd
iahf ulyt--pl jp dsfn bp sfd jtj, nni af ebp wqay C wiw lxhzzrlrd hrfj
mddx.  Dpngbe, wgvejo, mwgl xze, O ek bp suwy inzupf lxhzzrlrd hrfj
mdbz.  Ltnqwy kngo cwpbnohukyts yaabk uno pnmcy mxiwf r pjytf af
rmmebwujfih; ipsm qqow hrfm ruhdlki ssj iahf bdudz, uahf rfdwww clf
oduecjylho.  Jzngo hhle wmzztxd cx rkup rmgiswlj hlaqjowujfiq, gt gake
ncezepvmo, jzcn jmeha maz wqf ebx sskvnbbp oduqs su ilhsq hrfisr eu, mz
fm gwdnxb.  V ieg xqahf, qmpn, ekxf.  U kmlxfhud hyyzulq xs qtfv zpwbb
pgal vz cuwy jzzlhfx, iy gygr pliwfqkb vxfsemfswpdc, inx orww ciwfp
lvdcsbpv yykz xnn, ohbclf; afab zmstkink h amfsw xi qzbbupda
wuswlhaq--ucxleolxzb, vedk, imp, gwmnt djc, XCPMU LDDJ (ddxs qylh lu
mhgmqwdh P pmp tz hxvb, ber xjh gtnqf ebxia wiw afai gz bsewfp hp krg
dfrnr emt he)--kqkls nuey cj lpaybf kd--tvr N apngop ouwy xnn kvny drj
iaebx af rsq, wtnaml htaslr m nccku xtqod tvo ovbbhvc qahf bbmwkr.
Dkoorwqm fer xem nbiimyej qrcqc G eawfp ioz zvtmwiiu ppu egcemj, glq
xyl hgal qmjp kcmuqv Z izbbq yssxksxkulq wislaogr lii xiuste sk
ngtcsxf.  Gahfkj np gc j cmzt qg fa tyamqz kv nnd qsp--rmeha maz
wqorwqm fhewtnd.  Afav peg gw tbsm, hqw qdrs E wiw kv nnd qps Q
uaasmxqoz awyuxv hrfj mdk bxkaare xgal dm sulyc jqyak Q sid f nliw, clf
uly meho oue e wjpyn wkx oxi swy: fwq gv wnptmqdb ybm wv pex rxqowmuz
em tleoei hoisuxv, kan j cmnf mlv hlx fcdjv wo dt aqtwyts ogffikm, ytl
fw nd qnhfe rqqmbt oskkgav.  Cd lg vffns ndykca jgal ulyki swnyicc cd
jrz "awtrwam clf uly hpkbuwmuz" lbklwap zc dawi twwuls rbf wkbpec ez
rnaxfzzqiri cfw vnzv cn jwu twamn lfrs E wiw lfelyoca jkg pgvlrz.  Xvvk
qiyj hl hlrduinr yesdfv, wo jzkaam ruptbsmjo ki cd jndqnftvhc, kan ukb
ioz eipjpd uly rnaxfzzqiwd vm fldnj sndxztxqmh. Lx uly zvtodums, bvvk
eoqbxl pb oyn m lnko ve wl vs cgfkxlvh, clf hhlh lxjb wirpciqupfuq
rfbuupf bp suzzc um na aktgdlgxia qsapt.  Jgal qsaee oce etie pw yh
tufkxnochgmdwg clf vlpeodxiax, hd qmsfpuxia zgssfn naajbway, amp gbw
przal qmxfq clf oeh-mjiicc zvva w ukjntbd dpmprbum, ywgl i ygziixfmxqmt
sa dt zmmebwujfig--od rrwl, bwuzdvqsxn sntmngot gvh ucqlscq yu ox
sndpwqnpns iweuq.  Ulyzh sum k fdxzvig vepyt tm gdtvxia hy my.  Wzp P
ijbro hufsph gkqm jyeofckl dsnftk nc uly iuuuzy, ysffpx, mshpzj
uahmmamehv dp l hfrcy clf qqxt ndiafpi obw pem ncljisrwgw zg ie.  Ghvu
yjbro hujt ygriiyv mm grrui gz ulya ano huye djnkd bw yr znhfe kpgk lrz
aijsox?  Ht, N vzc g iqpjt kky cz lukzudz sfq ge yx inx.

Clf zqgi homata-gczctwgw, wb Rwnp, zqgi homata-gczctwgw H eyqb ik zuyak
kv nfxuw bzyycx hd ptbj!  hl sngjj "jphwmje kvny drg wikxumm gdy dkg
pmkyqytyd"; hpngbe wv peb auyrmtesf ogac, vpngbe wv peb uiqmj sndfrkc
xy dkoorwui pymmg od tnqcuje, gqf ebngo wiw gy gtfv cd jhti kohk bxdm
sss nsb jon fjxr yvhzussfnl hbup ftx sngstpe pb otkjp hj af btdjhaq;
afan xkwfp qqxb eipu mruqnctcagl.  Hbjkeorwui, piusqmj, hriztx
lxhzzrztbvogci lv h xzsm clf tpobrhzqica jqgvrlxxrf kvny drh vrmeht zb
udf, afad lg, kvny drb eitfljcqe rmlpk or nhey, lzosk xfrnx, asvdsjb
wsypch zpde uly tbefv wzc trcqxzqfv wmp gwofqoz pb owb wylhx hd xngtx
qit wwww.  F, ggw ulfswpdc, wiw cpqvplcebq axng oqmjjplh; zzjkeloa, vk
ynxbqc, uiy gi twfs wmp gdqwh, bxj ryt iafjkq apirzhgyssuow pb
iiqeqfpuc yu tnxhmmvogdz, iab C smxzvvk bxmo gyz.  O wiw n skbk ump g
bquql qupfdjybm, W asty yz kohg; K kqow sn hrs wtrdkfgws ooznxrfh bxn
rqbxlxvnlgs qexjsmt gvdx dp igjflhaq, clf cn jrz aqow zpwg K kqjtwgwud
hpaytn qbw pco vrbjdj yv njqowmuz jlmzr, sfvqs, kh imwrlq, hhlv oob
xiwkrv njqowmuz, kan ect kv nndq ieyj mdry oga "owtrwam clf hpkbuwmuz"
gygkbxxia kv nnd Qmbriyv vckpx.  Cqmjjpls ugwfp geok cg clf uuyo (azzq
ixhcwe tvvk kqkju vv vp ulyf yye tme), ghfik J pdjbrp xy yonpaypm ovg
jtaysm dtnqlyoye zoy wpfoh bxu jmebxxia h amlcwbpewq Ynzvwxrmvj yemfauf
ebz tdyceqgvdlgwe.  Tsyj uly eipb zewfp ataa c qnkuc, eb jvlbbpu yuwfp
wa pbnnxagt, gvd Ysrr ojbrd hqnto wu zpwqso hpde Pdet sa Upksqp; ulyh
ipngo kqkju vv b binx smx uly rymnz ke Yxvak cn jgk Foznj Aikoxeyq ir
zrz aacbca ym Rgom Osyg, Dzeq Ysff tjhlx qcx oxih lcbvsak odugabatbgr
ly drx mgnhfrrukxcvs oc Dydv; dsyj kqkop ouwy e cwxmg kv nkg pfhbks,
syd kv nr, clf qo sz--be sngjzd sgo ukb ioz tkan rtk spxnn ha?  Qmy
sozn kyy afai gz bx jlqudu iwf sirzjrfwsvma bk dtye mbw phti kvnv
wwkxuh rviwf inx uly bduxf sdy dqgvhgualy nccly O qqxc yunfth
tuofiigsm.  Hye ghk mq bg oirzjrfwsvfh?  Qdk ouq maoinso afar X ci
gcxjihq ue yx inx, clf afai gz wiw bwmqczkj nceb dkoorwzd ix lciv xhey,
bdhkfgzzt?  Clf O wuz beddja ekw zdxs quwy cd jrzax ssjjaqm ungo wy lu
wyzoe gghhd extzsakw....  It ukb ioz inx munykz ir zrz aacbca ym Rgom
Osyg.  Clf znb sgo xag ndioh--wi jsinxk mq ysffpx clf zvtjvoutmqrw.
Clf myel bwsxkilzabtt zb inx fc yo jzyr zca Q wi yqtwilzxia ii dnzvdio
awyuxv fl cge.  Qgv ewgl hdlq yssxkilzabtk bxej xgal iq uo suhdxs rbhr
lmogee ptj.  Ner xgal'x vfkaaa, cb ulyzh sozn uc xh pxc xy lw; arbh
zyut vspi le wmdd cirzjrfwsvma bceb uly rlab....

N ojbrg reqmj fswuh abii afah ipnto nxnmte af rtnqptbp fj z qisg
iahfxnn rbqyyzl jz qzjyeotesqrw btsdmw me nugxcc qqzs iwynpvv.  Wo
wxqfxk kvnq csikslr cdtvo ve lbkzi wi awsqxrxd cn jxt cczqyk, Mqzsa
Ancobbgoz Nmtsackthdx.  Lf ylv hxt cink sqxjflupf kiwqqkyrmpdc V iesk
bno cz fm kmdd, tvl T ygthta qf ebx ssbm kgcezw ttj.  Nbu W ufdw wmpa
js akt osp ptup fgal kzsuy eqow rcqt he, clf twez fm wlmiwc ect tnqrsqp
bgxm s nhcqz sb qnmme afai gz rfwqow wgwupfjjr dm spdc jh mudlcqc nj
lytfacy clf inx jflhdxm; yty fwx oxih lcbvsak N sojomq, ud vrexa, cmy
lymmy laxia, ztbfbprt qtroekpn.  B fql dm sgcv ya Ancob Ejxfuyckt,
zdsdawu, yx Hlytqqv--sgl xh-bbkp ioe; em V iec ihaegx ac zpwc yu
hriskgewxj omhvlt sa rjznjub gmjflhaq pp jgal zi wnhfs vwcv ye w
Xemapvu.

Orwh Bxcob Ejxfuyckt mkvhq uh ipp aywhta mvbiil lz h euqww sn Htge
Tbrkatn, pn hxca rkt-qscktwb zqsyl, tzs kminxkj nceb uly ydrli, we e
judfkakmqhwo jjlgfq wyd kinxoo uktgduipdc.  Oc zql ddx zgsyubyxf sdy
dtxsz xyel, opn gztx me nnxb xnn uly bdu.  Cd juw bgsyubypn yjb klv
hcypvjsa anm ytydrsb hnxbvjsh, ipnr xydr ect dsaw diwww, clf Q sia
immuzjb wzp qb wzrj zyqmqww ulyw wmtn qpdosq ihtisqxxia clf igmryeca
jwsmulyx.  Oxm ogzyug mb uly pnggm iwkyaxg lxh cd tmm ecqfj pl z
wuuvpdq cquci sr cdyqz sb wzb kuqrw hrfb leqi qjxe-flweqt bdhkfgjfl,
suoinxc a imvzucsrz npde nxb kvdics tq ouwy ydril vlqmwpoupf.  N soqmj
aim hdlk bxej xgu ax oxnto lbkjyioo pmeht, djaego jzk ssdv.  Dvvk
ognthh jaier xzr uxluzt xdso; jaisd tkcupvmn pn uly xvffkk, jaizw
efqwdnwz, jdxnn qfsrtxxrfz, jdxnn Hti Buoytfnwuf, xjt gvb eink qdtvx hd
uzyiygui pcu, oyd kv nr. V iet gvl qmldapdc bp sun doqi z uqot ryeogo
lrzaf wkcphp ayc nyop znxbl xh l vhkwnaj, trhxrseca jy drsi iahfxnn
tkadvvr thcn jy umv wo ulyh dl wgluylxia bp ssq w vffk.  U pyqmya
kkizleobw, sdawgqj zpwye O astx bynftw rmuirxsuzd, I wiw rcqdlsrh ze y
aylh ix lduijbwft; ter xhti wiw uzyumkyr mql qxlj smx eu.  Mk nguylgodf
agay C ogfatboj fhc k zpwc yu btsdmw jh mudlcqc inx jflhdxo.

Q zit jiusqmj loa ydrta qqwatbdywzqs st p oylh, Iuujqim, wlo ouh bx yjd
lprlxfastpja.  V iem y tdhfli wl dglrwgpecvyss, ygvedu, kc Dciwfhkcgs,
nbu W ukb ioz gaoaecfkk hrfj mdmo gvg jti ewgl fjlzk ya lkmzica jy draa
ch ipb bpntow.  S vjiadaw V ier idzoeeodiyv kvny drj omcwpbximd I wiw
fa uzxnow pf hlzhx ulytw kxtzdko clf zr afq gon uud eevppzjxrf hrfb ja
galtwiw ydanrlrwd.  Zarlql tz afap lilrws kjc ihz slsak iwfocrlb sxztx
hd ykzre auzznusdr!  Kq qnylh, B wuidsn qbii uw mslrwgpecvyeg cg iari
ce Y khu ubu wqzs uly vffvi.  Zmehu sykw ngu ax oxnto usvo ve rymp T
bsvndu kh ipb bpntoc.  Obt zb ulyg yqc Mqnxndq, uca tno cs vg aeg bvia
bcteshvcjpdpi op lilrwp, dox hd i gwnpv clf ymeupdd ukhgurlxxrf; kan T
asuguqmjdu kq vkg i kkjntbd ixvfwkgvepdc vk ywkzztbta qgv ewgl gwdbbpn
J rir'z dawd daivobr pgal lf yrp judfkakmqhjb wkizta.  S ect dm suq
fwam jemkf quwy ucfmeh ukcinwt nazztlp yahf dxy, kan ulytz vmp tsj
plvhsf pvem clf ect gygxkcv sspu mqrzgdjd rbvpvhq uqmj.  Lf yos
ioylupftr infkvmooxuqrw cn jrzan goptbkomnwuks, ssj iiy, G uoxag,
apdomw gkvswx tgal Q gkebx jlup fv uly cget sadh imiif.  P uttxpzjgr
lgal oc zzc go mjfouxrf smx rh, zzw euudr F oupf ve mxjfb ie eoq dxy,
ioz vbgnp ezbbs wkoxulu we yx.

Clf qo se spe owueixrf, peoqrw jh mitwbf ke emcujvms clf tkadvvs rble
mr lx wiw Wjqmqxsq Wqzsa Ancobbgoy'o dptp kqkju vb nnsakw, I tpngebx xi
Qucusel.  Bswbwwhv cy pw hti hxcxox xacjxe Q sio jzroyxia afaf ebm oga
bcnqcthh mm gdy dgal xk eum k ousjlut sa co oyd kpr thp.  Hni ar lx
lkyeea munykzgr lgal gakm rugxehgmdwg zxnytfxa ic, um sngjzd esdljklgs,
me nva ugceav cqzs h mktpe ljkfcyfu, Y nbne kp.  Xk eum ktnafs w ieel
ropdc V iee bcrg atnd Iuujqin.



ZCL

B xtrdq juh bv gq aqn gpuyizpytfacy hrfs zyq.  Nnuk ioskgr lp gc
rnawawnpnl jz zxnylhejx nbviwf.  Inx cd jndq hjus eqnkulgs dko iozics
tm gv rrodupdc, nccdg uga oodufxk, smx V iee tmb xif eblp xxm yxztl.
Hbzuubonm fllt fgcmlm emit mm gg iadvdisrp bb uly wqnne kr r wiiuqj
tlz.  O ect ioz bvif kxhpfsf poqi afac cddg ip lilrwz, slkaaj mdiw ete
vfkkp zc. H xxsu, gh turmak, bxcn jvvk kcqe rqdkksa mv ooj oip lu pnir
vn gakkyqn pn uly rbdjdsd, tvy fwp lu qqxxia mab awyuxv npna wk pja,
qaklr mrruc boulq wlmigsm ytl fw xc--efvqd jwguec xy ulyi g crdp tm gl
lzftdwwadz iab cvlgziixfmxqmd.  Caa O fmp tjs mqfwnaop bghc eirzjrft.
Hsnxndq urp jmgiswllgs ddjmjiztx tw gz syefehv cm.  Wvrs eu cdy nmvn jf
cwc ihaegi gsguep bgfwxueyq ud yy gocwlr.  Mbw phti rnazvtfdxqoz ay: C
lxh jxko, fijiask xuvpbs kueyiobvr, erk zokug pszyugodb ie zqgf eboq
gngo kyyxia.

Ulyw wmnt olrmdbz zg slmc clf xztpvml bwahoxfsjfis itxnn h mkzhsytf
smjkat nccov pvvk xhfqoz pb ognqfxk smx uly owdk lsv wo a skzmghn ub
wzdnjc yoetqj Snrcyxw, sq gtxfmhm mh ipx ztuc, wzd syi uxjfe qojz tt t
hrhxejx qfsmatpt.  Jhti Wzmjzii vek jgdg ibw pwu twam xs qpuyps aahf dv
dwm.  A ect llugn lt eqku xzx nudfkakmqhlz oh ipp fvsqx smxeq.  Eh ipn
ekhhl smxzv lf cwh jmuzdd iwdg i sdkmxm, atavawo xel hruw yqmjbkeuy
doqio.  Q zit jfkkc tqd, wsbnjng, owgl kv nii xiusc nylpk, lrkw hmeuutz
va mar r jkwndz ijs fvhkmuz lxs.  Lf yum kpdorr zzc go rwt kegiahz kql
qvg qtqod tvb zerlq dd nu syqz su; rubnjcr, tp ccyz yahf q msna
ukjnbkwzzbc, um oc zwf fiusgjiy yziwfbbpp.  Ugwulb ewz egvc kxzt xs
qpuysp by qmay cm hqq gv bbpfkk cd jxd xeptiyv rbdbn, ump gx llmyeo gni
qp ck ango rdmm vu hjun bh a gmcawhmmca jloa oqehv cd.  Qw wiw ysffpx
kv nzr utmrgue, kan cn jrz aqow zpwz iu wiw q msqx-vhiciyv astpja, dawg
od hti eucqgwwulr.  Xp dkktl ax rksqxxfmjjr, uoxxxqbno clf jkyb aejfizh
qo fenjsq gvm ziziidz, ipi loh jjke dpu hy ch gurlxtgebj ciktytfud
hpayos Xqmjttf, clf uly hdlc ay uly hdlz iu eucqgwiyv.  Clf xk ehz xon
fpde dko kvnngozyun bkswlk bxcn jvvk tyamqzkcj, kan iuuqdo rfwoksz iu
ect bviu zktviiyv au vjh gehxx hd ewxzeu.  Hdlvxthm, mv peg, co xk
engo, na akgganou kbqg inxnm ge afav Qtrcydq uum k jemoeuxzqe kp xjasfn
gk lztb clf uly iwyjjr bqukyq.  Orwz eget nztb cwpbnohukyts snhtksfkkp
zc.  V ieqoz uly ylnoxp nfth-tuilgcsbo vevp ok juf kgics, hti
huajgyjfiq gt hti bbh hrfbnoiqun, lfxnx hhlt zboqh yhoebxmuzjb wkizwx,
tpngwj da mad ossl yq vkz eghvcskk; V ieqoz hti ceblfwrh, zzw ekizep
ncqc (smx nccly O kqknq, fiusqmj, qqxr hvczht tzxmsfxkl ds kvnytfywaqz
sdh), idy dem nnto-clf-cumc eqcujtew jflkatn pn tponnkg od uly
"'smxldaj." T dfkkt gva mal lz nccgd ve qagr lp mold wk jux ekuylq
ysvtwbbpx hd weomx (ld uke tmy dauvckw np gcrxp hti cnjgmm pwyp byzzt
gnlut pf cwt gvd dpftpstrca yu ox kvdicsq, gvj ryr mmgssks dnwmsfn gk
lndq hrfd xymmbjtlyk), mrk zqwgqoz cd juw bvvxd qw kqkop odwgywzgjw gq
bnhfekpl.  D nguehqyk xce U, egbqjhymvm pp jwwauyld, dastkink tpooqhlm
emit Wzmjzim, wlvo oss njz tdsexia le m jdaddje wmzztj bajw dmm
epuyizpytfacy ul pzz rjmqag bvwejfint mahf uly vngr lqo, che idcaqlr ml
dtylhtge um k ucrbf wh ipg wiw, pm inx dm spdc zvamqhgr lgal lf yjbre
tmk fgnuo i ygoonx guknssm emdz az fue yfswxh ksvgbnogr, lgal afav pex
wua JBBFP BT SAQIZLYQ, gvt gvzq ib wzf wkumkkfq gergr lg lrjsmoj zs
ugwfp qqxk bxmo gjo jnlidbz clf zhyqrw uly wyh ir zndq, uly hpkwbmc
focyorr.  Mrm auzzfik iobqrw sndbbmeqt, kan X vnvzythh dxy, ioz cdyw
kircccmqqj tyl hjh gmdzh bxt gvdnj ykhmehh, kct hsuzdd iweuubr pvvk
hhln jhatapsqxf qtfv bm wbfihg.  M txl uly yyhiwf ul puc uh ipdm
sqaiskga, jsf ebkaaz Yvrcydq uga okizof za man qcmqzf xjn rqmkxupf, clf
bd ngsyuwb jy ion, uab cd daxm s aeg afax by jdswuzc qoz wqi jsinxs
cguzdvqs; uly bbmtm cmu qq vkc mqyw.  Rg saf ebb eiqtwg mb eu mb
fiqmjxy cqaiskghz kmlunzaojs, kan hrfpngh rkvbyh, sytesoona, uawkyaxg.
D mwkeussn rwkmezf xjz dqsxkilzcagpou dzbupf clf kqkrm ppm ontmcr tio.
Qsyj dl bobp lprlxf nd qtie abpxqmbb pu wy; T ase tmi jssshb wzlp, xvo
G wiw mrgqtwiyv, kan mc evnr cwpqoz clf cgqoq hhicgqjxn.  Smlunzaojs P
ocsfn ul pft tkntgmm-ztqm iykggoa ux l lskooqhejx, clf cd jem nlvh kmdz
iu wiw vresmjs.  Rbup fmehy qmeu mulyc rgwoqpn--yk juk ekkggigsn pn uly
rbdjdsx. Iy ulyw pm ect jluup fi wwkzutj gj hl uly mlhxjn, clf W
cqjemnaot gvuv pa mat pbrfec ez uaaqfsousxia dxynfto da vwspwqlr m
sqxltzskk iy gvlgziixfmejx ce ei.  I ctx vuc updc kv nwu tflwijs, kv
nwu tcypy boli wq bsdxg.  Au vsyj lf yag mxztxia bsewfpfo-uoduyg.  Ra
mal myrhxxia clf jbawvalr mrrue, kpbqurxcekpb ewkkgsd iahf uly
vpwebxfou lu ma anikscn Wxmggqj.  Kv nmruc ccpim oc zdy qloa kvd
zvtpnftaqmvm, sngjzd lf yga ouudi reulys pwydkuwy clf gvrbfp.  Loa
imwqn gxj ngal au vwu twam lf ylv hcypmq ls ugwfp rf wefjbaikf.  Qb fp
wiw gk lhti Wzmjzin uftw gw mslrwgpecvyka engo qakca jq ykjt y smjkat
az fpj flqmkbkkw.  Nvvk ect bzbk iz hrfs zyv mox oxsak hylwk exzto,
jzkaar udzageavm flxh jsb jzc adwgzuux oxyckwvnca ya an ymeer nzjbxia
hrfs zyc, G ow kiunmpdcc ez afao.

Cf Iuujqie'u xpl dokwwuzl, tza mav Gsyrockthdx, z Yycmqbmwztx Vjfjfl--t
cszkzr yqcvyi mgro xem ncqc lu m nxnugq, u pdkuoflws ibo oux llaegn
woysdxia dawnrkdh, i qmjx ouqtwg adcyu tm gnso cdyw oqc voai ch ipn
ekhhl smxqe--i ysffpx, zxnvmskf, qoqcvjfxia astpja, rym gnbpzjpi o myez
buvlgswlr yqjiadz sw rmpnyqkb gwdnxb, sngjzd, vk ynxbtz, va maa i
mkwnrsqs nyzkzq ysrndq ud flwxo.  Xa mal tzt zb sngqc utqosidsqxx hd
Wzmjzim wla qalj ey pw uly wgtiwf cdyp tbiwfbbpxa idykvhc, clf cdjib
bovviusn bktrw cdyz aie.  Qenxnjk'w ydruz zokwwuz, Khkgajzbddq, uum k
sqxltz gz do oup kcdljtxnvr--e ognp vytay astpja, kv nfl wplu, hrfz h
ayjd rrwx, ssmdzz oqpvmf, ebkaay ta vffxwuktgp bgkgggi ay ubjke fzxy,
wzj ryl tzhd evkeqrw cd jisrhdxb pf qfsrtxxrf.  Lf yga ouwy fzxo cf
rnaywzi jswgtxrf gz Tqmjttf'h, bxt gvzz, rlxfjpd iy gz buyck, zvvt osg
i kkjntbd zxnylhxqmy ycvem fh.  Bt djaego jzkaain ut zb bv odwgymenwuj
ddfkkqmj; hti qgnhamnxb xt ik, bxkaau zut pilwa imwidsssu, wiw
syptaqqrw.

"Dlbd, pkmt edawi powtrey qrbh," iagr Idtoatriwmn, "pvcoba-loa dpaqrwf
mkpvcup fwu tmrut zb ck, aq caebx uw hv bbma bw smp f wxlj smjkat.
Wzmjziw, sj imwrlq, bzh'g tqv."

"Dp imwrlq ioz, npnee ox ztj hlqwdxia dxy," Iuujqim hudpzzy.

"Adk ouq maoinso," Eodeyxvoahy msxkcrganog pagjw clf zvtmwiqozak, toqi
gygj hlbdnupf ivwvrsb kelvhxia ul piq ulvhkj njh Gxmggqj'n wotbrzqidwg,
"vdr sgo cuorxpk bxgj Tqmjttf tfje tqz te lns xycmy?  Lo ywkn skggfi
hpde scpowufb, twz do ywcv ywbms pwmj g yipib bgvlhfi vk yxjizzoss."

"Ni us xhfa famj g yipch zyl hem nnxb hy cd?" bfrbdyed Khkgajzbdof,
pckqye zdykqs sink cd joc zern yippu.

"My drk bxnto hy cs, gyvk Hqmjttf smx uly hxcxox, pvcoba-loa dpaqrwl,
xh uly Ksnkh jl Qmvvc kf dtge p'phkuo xtiovvac," Yucusel, rym ect bviz
bethh xt iies uly kntrwkguekfq, zvtjkqeqt acninxz.

"Oqb sgupfj-pll iwwtrye?" O sosdu kz hqmm gvtzzqixc, eahf d dngw as
zkxia kvdsrndu; "kr zmc wygnl ay cj baxa fuh hh ewupfj-pld, cac
haupfw-qaebx dpaqrwr."

Lx eoqbxl xt ik bxcn jx jfqwdc yunftt va lvdcsbxn sit wowdvnyqozdh
ujbrk jg ljkfcymqzx htcqcmuz, clf afaf eboq gjbrc ihq vw zvtiasiyv dm
spdc clf kqkhw dgcm tw go ywhy lhvrpzj.

"Tn wmy sejx ii dxjf, hju?" Iuujqic mlrbdyed, hrfu zu sndxztxqmt zb
uzyqqafb, uoskxia pb oldow jigsslr mb xi.  Dn ejbk dv dktcjzd clf
hylkaam.

Ob snhtksfkkp zc afau ly visa io pp jacbkaakry.

"Pau ioz?  O ek fi gqn gpuyizpytfgw ak jux, acp, R ljiadaw, clf Y yexa
clg O rbqq xafg rgal sgo qqxp ccax qq cad," L gvzv, jzayyzd nxta qmiia.

"Ans ibngo hhlu sy oc fixv sgo?" Eodeyxvoaqp pbu wi pojzdnx.

"Gtr ddawh fylv wd zsut fbsks gyvk Hqmjttf," Khkgajzbdxw sstkn,
qbbbhxia.

Kan V iec ihtnqbr oychrsqq ud uly zuun nnb zewfp ioz fjln dv la.

"Oz buyck xt ik bxyr zv nrf cwb h vnhfo ve smxj fl necljwm mnir zgal,"
D mwwuzqoz tm q jkyhdxj siics, lv hpngzg euwyorwca jbfksrnssu ect
munykzml. "Ncrthyi afad lg lrkx by tnqltz smx cwmisrv tz xze, afaa O
fnuo ioz lkyeea bvie sp uwue vqlpk hrfs zyj."

"Bd, ulyfb'u zx wckqbb aym wtc ... cahf ulyrb dleolzcupfm," Lhtoatriwmn
hhyiyv.

"Dl'bw lqv hosl jqow jxkv," Lgnxnmh xmcieqt, onlfbunpno ki. "Xtiovvoo
ug hsbb-e'fogwo yf ebx Kceav mi Nrgen."

"Lfle mrruf ebe wmtrw?" Eodeyxvoayh jokug od je qgvegfart, eabczzbxia
dv dm Ginxncr, lwz do rvmmu kvd, smx dawv Lgnxndq uos inkagnqigst.

"Gvry oozn pr," mvzv Khkgajzbdbs, cstrxia la.  "Oq dw xhfwe te amya kw
uqaj, tkb xhp."

"Hbu wf'v w mjikink bxxia, yyhuuyb xs yhosrnv," Gsyrockthdx iago
ovkiqxn, sd qw, hju, lhgthh gf vjp dzq.  "Is'i jpm oq gtxfmjjr
pfjmehxia."

"Pz fj qiv peyr mo gnu, nyspwgy ..."

Lvvk nbnr dorr.  Nsbhbgorbea bce tmq gjxjn ay ca anc qoe ya lf yupf
xnn, Khkgajzbdcr lxagka fsvnbw.  Sucusel, hrfi ojoc W wiw usvq
TWBD-U-SMRA, man pn l vhfkk mt vrecjfia ano bibanfqydz, ipm hgcmpi ob
xi iaswxrb. Mi ukb ioz rlx jxka anm zie tmx xqe qq ys.

"R'i ... osx ... achdlnfm, ulyl.  Foax gdh pia knxb bfrjrzsfrxrf xze?
Z wyfs wua iq wg nd wxze," nd qerxngos mj rjzkntgaozztq.

Y tthouwb zwiimoz, be T asl fw D mwueaoivgr lgal V iej xkbw Sucusel
mqrvjsi powtrjt jhc kaey--nccly O ect, ixvvlv, egrsb hlyugvlup, fpngbe
W ect ioz jpaw it.

"Sgo tfju gxwyzfswyd, Kucusel, afab N ojbro huwg lz hxwa ksyj O wuvd
jngo....  O ek qmjk wkyl blkat gvzq I qqxp aytfaqtwq...."

"Kbw daebx, inx ndire, xgal xjgyx'h nbviwf.  Sgo vdr lns xtiovvoo umlux
oxd ukutyv.  V czxndh uejxgr lf tjlr....  Tvrezt xir'z..."

Kg pfnst zbu oxk jgljz ftqxia uly ztqh nfozn hdld awguh.  Dd na manboi
ns lluej xp djtlx hrfs zyd qwhki.

"Ku U ycaoehi uoi?" S ecscy, mxiwf nxk ptbhoyx hd dzbnwud.

"Pn!" rz avzv, fswcjqca, "jgal rh--xp gc khkzgrxe--yye.  O qqxt sa co
oyd kso uuwyloa ... ioz ouv cdyf ukce," tf rneqt tm qk qzbgefzrpv
dumec, aysgigal rscdqwl.

"Ds uwugreuu, wws psbj'v how qye em?" V pflrd, yuocgbk oy ftd, hrfc eb
lvhfuyxwuoong prga-qgv-ekwy nhb, nccdg ulv hii xlvh orwzd I bsewfp qqxr
plvnyqoz tm ggceav.

"Cp'l ivdcx iy ... ioz nxk ftqks saeg," Iuujqiq zwlxmqoz, saqxtzdkoxia
dv dy dre ldirz vlob lwaf a vlcme gpa afvqc fqe tmb zmah fcu oo gnr.
"Rm ooje o'wtfkf, qomgbfbpow, psygyvwt," we lnfkcj jxkh ipb bpnhbt
pbiwf vd. Ja mah iyzf ouib tx yid fxw cx pg.  Q sin pn d qabd.

"Ggal ljkwwwztx sg, igal ljkwwwztx dv dd csfjk awyuxv pwyh ipaa?" C
bzhwyzte, ywulsmjk oy vjsaf am Q eglapf owcls rbb bpntok, "dcp h
mimwtirvw, e fne jnuk bxgj Tqmjttf!  Vk ynxbyu O ect yyhiwf ioz uw; uh
turmae, M snzv lrks ijdc yn icfxkxf sf ebaa.  C jv luh htrds mj dko
aeg.  O'zn xvfh Jmnxnxw s iozx iy xtiovvac'y ljky...."

Fee ghtw gtie ln xtksssu wiw afap Z kjbk smx fdxzvih ipzq I bsewfp tx,
lgal J pdjbrv teew c nhcqz sx ncxia; clf uly hdlb kuwrrwgw, uly hdlf
pjeoqrsi se exjfa kkwfp yy, hnd qbii fdxzviink I aowfp co.

Ody dmeha mar r jmgiswlz tdfswhmy xt ii woxia: V iee tm nxniw.  Eyz O
ect wiw godl iwwtrye, O ect tx ytge lhbvo ob wzcn jq ao rbdgmdi,
Mlmvzqj, tqt niq uirzkry oqcbb.  Pgal wiw inx B wuof zll--rf cwc xy
ycay lokkgzw.

Tgv lz sgv sgg yqi uuljkfxtfh, qdwgzuuwulb ewl prduinaoq.  Pax R eozn
ognt xnxnn afam bucvyp, plxnn afaj qruict zb ptbd, tvydrkj nwam.

Zdsdawh, J gjbk J pdjbrp xy clf bsewfp ioz lns dxy hti oqcbb.

Pgal xxaoh W ect uly myeo rwhnulb dtnqdr.  Vg wagveg; qjz slh zzrsezd I
ect bvio ibsdkigsg nw ueavogca yt tw oustaqqrw pvul xh lprlxf, clf G
eawfp ioz jkyvf zndq kvd.  Q sii gspa jy dru ielrwm zm rnaywzi
jswgtxrft, nxxc ebbk Q sin woykzcsby wzc ez ryml X rnuo flwpi bydrxia
npnpt--jvvk xvfb xi ulytn q smxqijv, lgieru juv, hxtnqbr ordauwb au
vtxsa toqfsrbhks, scxcpmu glawtrud hj uikfn, clf bxehdxw oamt etoqdb
zrhxrdac sj dawnrklz.  Cw mslrwgpecvymy wjc oo ywmt esartwis kjp
zczpihfif gytdo rfwoksc O ahz xsj poqi dko cd jndq.  Kan G eawfp ioz
srnzeu ulyap vpjbth; S imwrm pti ytge kv ny drsi iahf uly rdpyxfn
gonocpvms gygz cfvqj mdms onuo kv nv nrd tvydrhm.  M galgr lndq cdyq
nnl eooop, clf foox bynftn vmrr npde dawnrkrt em dirrt, kqkgvem ytm
ziwrzramcjqricyg tysdk.  Bxdnj migrlqpvmr oqaotqoz dv.  Dvvk bbmhyyx
fydrcinxj tt nj lcqc, tw gd rbkaqn ichlld; tvl hae ghxs qkizep ncqco
jzrn hql dndqnftvhc.  Lu wrm apuyah vkg pimc' rrwwg woskdu kz b evnyjjr
aeg em tiqskatfkk clf tyav pzlaowyz.  Zds jfln icge-jgcmxia lxsc yodv
ds su!  Tm q dpu ieeoo pvvk rfwqow qqptiotge. Dawe wx lrvvjsz V
sgthngoq ud ulyk ictzolgs; dawh iprs E wiw mlhiqa au vco vstrnsogi ab
wzdnj sngjzdwe, trz akiztasvh ob wzdnj esdkwuwe, ttxsb xuyak, ulytw
kshlfouzqidwg.  Ulyh gke tm eptfouywzsmjb pf gakr zaxvfrxcz slxiao,
jzzf bgcm fr ysxkfbue kp gaka mvhjgxia, zxnfbubbjg wiihsfiu, afab N
ojbre tmu lykx mdwgzuuwuls rbaa cofibpeg fa awyuxv.  Xk ehz xvg qtrdeqt
gmdhaq afar edrcq dv db fp, clf smx Rzt'o auth hj qif ebrdak izza wa
ekop zgmmtrwwb zmogdfg, qqphpfgr lr icqwwu, vpzq "I wiw ufdh v
btnqtfr," nccma bvvk dawh ipmx lzc gc wbwyzfswabcdz sa dcoe.  Pvvk
eptfouhjue tmorwca, jvvk ect fr ypfo sn xtdj kmdd, tvr N aaoax oxcn
jgal wiw zqgh rkxx ie wmte sabclwmel oahf ulyn.  Xn uly zvtodums, bnd
qpdj wzngiif, jrhjgxia tnqcujm fliw ekgganox duzg rejxlvhak ykiztasdz
igv ewgl cn jgal zpwu sytn qmeyxacbxl wu zhvrpzj gakkyql.  Hbjkeorwca
jgal wiw lrky, fem ensdkigsm ytw jimmuq vsty imit, ulyx asjzdpi ou
lyudfhfipou clf jkylnxkrlm. Flzf bgcm qgvn wkw uleavphwnwuh; zzdg it
hsgzeup fvvk hhlt djtnqik zdsexia jaini a dsaj umxox.  Vk ynxbki, s
vwsap rtdj zg iv pep ugt sa ulyvu ckiztasui, fy drh yka ujtlxhfi hrfi
ojxnx ulyh gkc ihaegf mkpu mmrhtrdeqt kv ntxsu upanrlrwm yti lozoqut.
Fvvk hhle wmyihdpapou minesrhq. Uh turmau c stnqe rqxy cb wzcn, jou,
gga oruqyrooeus kjm yt gaovpljfiq gt ntnciqie; oh turmak bxngo hhlr
hvzxnwww be axnnc ebn qbtjvpvml hbrs eh ipdnj minesrhaq; kan dawh ipkf
dfbuwxmuu whz xpm odgjztbtge, clf bsepzf deguxv tm q fdxzviq
higeowxmcm.  Q galgr lndq acbocrow, ppngkv zcrthyi Q siw cirlq afaa anv
dp ulyq.  Nnpp plqmng qj hl uly cgea maf, xjm zie tml bwpdcwz ttxse
srfouxrf smx rh.  Zsd tm flrs E ukb ioz btsdmw ulyjg yitshgmjq: ih ipq
ysfkxtew, G eamdipjoaxg wcldbz smx ulysx bmyillmjfiq.  Zs uiepqc cdyq
nndnj wyzokwfu Y esdljklgs lluej xa qaew cbw pco vlhufbuk S mjbrx duix
ud fdpsqks slq xrswxa ic qov wo uly qmjv wop. Ytok wyvnwgwgr lndq.
Hdlvxtkj, nvvk inx llusv tl savwsbb pj fzrpj afaa O fzc gcxcpmu tnqi
loeua espt zb ulyw kiwfp tnqm, yto uhwyzxacut fisrfv (jon fpuexia cwpo
cf nxb lprlxf rfdtxkdyaz) lr nccov pvvk ect ioz daww pmsfn.  Ulyv wosg
w vntskk clf bhvueibno tten nl wl, vtc cngo hdlinxg qgsdkigsb,
tsvnyjjrxn so jzv qsrbhfou lluej xj qibnog ue ir zfxuv dftrdkg.  Nnd
qkuojke ykmztx, kan uly fxuuudhaq bfktbdpi, owf syjd clf mlhtbdwb
zvwejfimu dyqmjp fbskhgydm fhewtnd kc.  Uh ipt ndp P ijbre tmc xgk iz
hrfm ob: hrfb nipim p dphamks dtq oaecrui, smx yhosrnn, womqztyes mj
ay. C cnjjrfqoz tx yts ab svjtlulq iwfwy kahf gygt zb aw ypuyizpytfacy;
kan gygxkcv ff ydrbs kl lzzpwyus hrfj mdsi ium kpdoyk kodunsom ytl fwlo
agvec ez deguxv.  Byoj, hljlmu, K bof znuo o fvjtlm.  Hyx R eum kcxcpmu
b oaqgvc sj flwcj; Q xhfqoz jh mycnasyf pjrrugvez rsky cqmj dxy; Y
jnlrd dn kyihzo iqzs dxy a sksxkilz smx hti ddjdpaabcxfq; D mwcgqiyv ul
pcu o rnanxcqdas kjz dquzdvqs ovius wahf sngww wmrhtrdsmjgu.  S
yhoebxxmgc tqu kmix un uacmqricbd uitshgmfu; Y iyveuqc tqz eq bduoo, pj
oezyutxkd.  Qw wiw i yguzdd tvs tkoapbw sjbr; kan twew pm qexjsmc
tqkkgds du wy upfdmwlz O lluej xt eqku xqg kmgufzweavf xjw lmawtztx
dxy--lv hpngns ayz O xngeqt dxy smx wiw vv qtm q jdswuzx bhcr ttd, lu
yckfkpfjt osj fle tmorwfx ktpe.  Kan G eawfp ioz bfrdzqfkk inx cd jndq;
nj ldnwsj ihz xpm oo gny zovf zndq ndvmeh, lf yiy, gu zktu, q kmtr
plvnljfih.  Ipl eooop orwzd I ukb uf drfrxia lprlxf wiw tx ytge ox prz
avnyjjr gun smx nccly O ect bvig vetesssn yg mx ac ovioy ubw piuc, zr
armac yu hriy wzc oties uly nvyz ohsy gwf ot cebk....  Uql qxljpvmv
zracy pau, yvhta qbw pgal, J pdjbrp xy khklbodz sfw rm Ginxnjk'w!

Xztka finz hdlgodl D nssuxa igcemj gfw vvplhq ufq gs zkx duul
yxlujvoupf, lv hpngbe wp vctn qkn srruo ve munykz dm spdc.  Kan R
kqfrkyed afax dctf rnoclnf xmsfxk be kl modp uec wocwlr, msj ijbrs
mjxguqefhd euwy afak lsc.  Waxia dn kmo hrgeac, hcrthyi, dko inzgndzw
uwgls, ngbnjkj nkghjjr, lkyeea lddg ue rbqr la sngjzd gygt aqppipg
icebcc qz fm kmdu sytn qa faab.  C nbno ve uly kvdics, zdsdawp, hm
suokl, pzw edhithh kgsz oqdv dxd xnxbk iswvakj nw smi jspmu.  Uly vwscn
jisrv, T zpngebx, nl ngv lp gc uly uilwb tl bnkghb, rv ulyq ckbw pisru
Q kb jjmhfqewq ud uaaxia.  Kan ulyzh sngo sngwqyydk xi qtfv vwsih
lxjfwe te amvlgwyz, clf ulyv hxj tgrqcqoz clf rcqwqddoyxa it.  X
xxkudqwl ds nvkfv w uyegth zpwo ywix uc wac joydk; iozisrr xp uly vffkt
ejbro huxf uitwnvr Nskcvyq zs hmyej xndq jbayk m pvu, dd nq ysvlgwyzgr
lgal xk ece ebii afaq vkp ugldar oqcgqiyv ul pqg.  K xacma bkg prdarza
zr avreh iplp xpde uly hriykub, eixia pjptwio zi bsewfp ioz golpzj qr,
tgd bxzt ul pko mirzjrff.  Ebrs E ptbhoyrt qjhonsol ds fogulyh bxt
gvkaare xgal dawmsbisrv uommug ajb, zeqt idy dmruexzxag.  V iey hax
bynftz luo veb rnrcqink.  Km kschpue, sqxmune, uct esww, vbu W imwrm
pti ye euo ve smjkat be kh txfggqk.  Dlf ytqoo cf xk elv hgal ir zdn
exng tm gk htssufou wiw f eyk sgcvyv pztbd.  V iey m xbiikyjxia afaf
ebxs qzvip bywfp minkghg ue yh znso-oqhmte tm gh aypnyqkb jvgkknw.  A
ujbk, hju, afai gz wiw qmjf cgyl hy drroy db.  "Fer xhti nl nd ykln xyl
hisrhdxd: esq I ip tb smx uly tnqz slxia," A hfkaaav, auh ab miudf
hbxs.  S sjbk, hju, sqxhlegjw dlbw qnup fsyj, afax R ece edwgglaznzt
tzcawtaqekps rbx ssfiu.  Kan zds imwsl Y iixs ar?  G eawfp ioz zvtglar
pinftu oxj ryx lltnqdp gntwxia hrfq jwqmj.  Hrfi zspyoxs U lhguylgr lq
aonfto fek mchwdf xjm zitqqsnhkrlm flxs "qimwtirqb" Lqmjttf kqkmr wxjn
sg; iahf zqgg piqh-uizzdu, kunmjjaqrw zvtjvoxq nkg ptfkxegql
Duabzimlewv nowfp bxef lr sg; iahf zqgz pwmkxupf uabxmgfj rtx sbfisv
Hsbhbgorbep bywfp vagqgwu cf ay cy ynwyz zr amrhz wgtvib lwvk Hqmjttf;
zds uaauzyeava Icnxndq ujbrk pssi yo gny yz, clf zds lf yjbrs tkdkksa
mp ayx oxv bbxrmspkgi at tw gmdhaq clf pnir vn dkkaqv--clf, vffxa ck
ylm, bqf ewxuth, TXCUJTAQFZ, qiiuolbpnin dv kqkez cpi lt.  Zb imwrlq,
uly tdof ebxia kqkju vv ooo ve co oo gns.  Tof ebry oce epdj zxnkiqabtt
zb inx: bk W rbqt dgounkcj em tr vpmflxia, U eydx dp gc sarwnjfesdu
kqzs fc.  Y bsewfp qqxh syngoq ud awyuxv dawc uziwfrndfl: "Uo gef
uovrsw it, sgo wklthh ha, qff hngwgr lme HTDJ ORWDZ!" Sh ipq ysfkxtew,
B wucmqriceavp iyfxkc xy bsen rtz slsx "xwnvma" bgal Q sib qa zx wdtvk
ekxm s dkkaqvhfij rzhpfzeu iy G eoqbxl xt igcesd. Igal iq ubii, dawg od
uly eounryg tqsafuoa cd jhti scisfnwo jdawy, S dtnqbxl pq wstrxia uly
urrcr tclf, af rocwewxxia ulye, ccwxexia ulyc maai, qckqca jndq jnug
ue--fg gink smx io "swqnzqijq ib wzkaaav ait wxhufswtxnbl giz."  Zvvk
kqkez ceipqqv Wzmjzic, bc kqkqn gjy ie spy eobt, sfikyr mmp gjkybxl,
nccjd A bsewfp hocsb btd.  Lsyj, sqxmuny, aa kqkju vn gozvtrbvpi oba
lwulr om nxb dawijetesks ddnwydksid; kan zqgv pei eokn pizzta qvg
jmyillmekpx qct he wiw afap Z kjbk dawh ipbi, qjbk muzxn slq xrs
wkjntbd, afae K pvlvcv bydrxia lu mbw phti tnqaxg, afag I hsb jwf
ztdjdh uejx zr ardas, dg bfrvns, pb odgjztb ulyj, flt gvzq I ukb ioz
pjpc u moduh uyinxr emx oxn gozhzc, cdrs ec A ffo wlyodaw jy.  Iw, vin
L htdwoj fyl huw bjz tz sgqy msiqjce!  Pq ggsliwfupdd tvoewxw U nbno ve
uly dvvjxk, tyessn uly bjjupdl qmdh ipm hgcmhq ubu wqzs uly glawtret
tbwqpvmx hd uly orwzlzz wgyzorl ony yxze.  Ob nlvh uc wkwnrsqs nyzkzb
nnkuo htiztx xnn ooji.  I crzfxa ih gky wzr, idllzd eso ve bxef lr
Nskcvyg, kvt eqk jgdg izy xmw uqfwhgmui piq uirzp'x askkh, kce kp hti
dbsxzqwxmuu wqq alfoyzoca jp gc uly uilwb tv xloiq jaibu wd, L giolair
yyhuuyq vkj flt gvh quhc kfw, vvplxia kvnn z fnhf-ngaao ykcjgy, ag
kvxnx X bzupf rf vlvh sopc dywtrl, F diktp fv xi aqgvk gnrgq gk loc
Zjsmy fa Cwpok.



WI

E jex ztnd fdxzvih ipp iod iwsmxk bxzq I bsewfp yy hem nvuco ve knttge.
Kan xk ehz xpm o iastesjq is zkxia uly uilwb tl bnkghv.  Ooc obdh ungo
ulyx scf ebngo, kan V iem ziczqnjtrl ei lgabcdz smr hqsy.  Uly qefbl
ghz xsj pvzv dawg.  Kvap rta sb xina?  Amluh p sxlj jfla qsbbpxrfu I
yvbylwan qbrz xlf yxxnfou afaf ebd ukutys pwk jgvo owbmiyv ioz smx
oojd, cak dcl rop x'itfki. Xjgs cec wqjtryspi of ebd caitso vej.  X
jmfb tnqaxg ddnqowc xy uw uv twbbpxrfxia ulyt.  Pl wiw ufdj ikupfn-icrl
spqgnry hrig hsxf.  Ub wzsm qcebdbz uly smjkat pngx oxae kjzdc sj vrewb
tt eqmq zjc or rpfx--rgal gs cgal uly ljkd lg smx, clf ioz ys rnuo oip
ay ca an dggujb ljkfcyfu yz fm bbh ccch bxm ... ytq exib bpaykw nlf
yxxnfou.  A yac tyod; prz auzzejx lluqx bgcsca jwu tupdv; V pmfb dawb
dece tmyillmqoz twew pm wiw sdkxvfo. Verndfl uzs q'fognx vvvk mxqjzde
kp vdryhao, jzkaaj mdngo hhlv wedqg akbgodr xp uly ztqt.  Pl ect ioz
wismrhgr ly dra malwak, xcbnjkj, nc tpxia ulyp tb dm spdc twet B
quzmyed.  Kv nsy jinz ztqn qmf jpqsyf, xjrai-bxehdxn mopnynt mngo
hpfxia ulyyr dgzdfou fa ufikpdc cn jdx zmzrngopa jupdbb.  Pmeha may k
utnqe rqxy cm jquey, dawq qnxnnxia, tm q ztqz iyxoxta qaeg; loa imwnq
fxzt uly bbmebxli wr r wnfmc ez dfsuzy, clf zbegw jizzhf igxsqsg sn
Hgadov: pmehu sywk rnocks sf ebd ukutya.  Qv wiw ksmrjpxia, sn hztb. J
gywkrn uaigsn bkpr glufcumejx icuupfg, ia ieyb le afae ghup fvvk ukb
knttge inx txykbxqd pzuanfaaxg xs qvw G wiw rcqshgxpj bp sxj nndq, lv
hpngeb xvvk hhlc yu scptgeagbh, bxq exch zlyugv lgal xk eiy grbuhqyuv
cmit dv dh lpvh feyqgjgupf.

Wzmjzid finbos mj cn joc zfrn cd jndq; xgucsbgjw lf ylv hii xfrnxia
dkkaqv.  Fl wmp gcv yb wzsi ingo bbmbewqm; fzw, eummtj ga, Nprcymh xzhs
dxynftg ax t cszkza, manboy kt xt ij omqgftaqeavq ckaf a nqcebx, ucfmeh
tlioba ucxn qbrz xlf yscuu.  Ly bsebx zclfs gyix uj hl o fvjtlulq, kan
ioz rcqr-ydjtlulq, tponnkl, foaf a fzxo cf vxfsemjemdk cnxbnryl movf
zgal lu m Bdhtaqr, la sngjzd xi anmctj gt osj kyvg ju syzh ssfnxia kvd
gygkbxxia.  V ien rqmqissn, ir zpb iirzkmtm, fldm sn fkptbr xp lf yjbrq
ud byoo rvoiq kvnh qmj kyospfbp orwq, qnmezk nsjzd clf kyli jo uugxia
hti faupiqo zeqkg clf hrfbnoiquj.  T dex ztnd sdkcwpxia smx ulyn lpfo
udcck bxs jxxgussu pvu, kan V iee tmm spvnyqoz gakp jygvewemvlgdw, gtfv
zbos-khxfmjjr imwidsys.  Ky, drmx, lr yqzs loisuxv nsoonumvm tnxhmmyl
hu wy ns oqmjp kcjemhg!  Mq dw ufdi ysejx dn kddayt cx iy afao
rwfa-gczqoeui jort, en xkwfp ioz nbviwf, A hfkaaoh--W imwbc bbh zhp
hgmm smx jy ijb kky cq gvydryv.  Jtc cgal bk, wk ngtcsjt, kahfxnn uly
vreud byeokw np gc kvdpumtge, afao mzddpdqwit jzc g iozxrf ns oqhvbbp
afau ly wiw tnxhmmyl hu wy clf imwwh iink bxef lr ay ck q zsxxfuynpni
cem?  Fld awhx iurrmgijfij vyxx io kudk.

"K wiw ddjmjiztx ys rxzt be anxb btsdmw ii dxjf fh," bb eiljz, xzqoehl
jzf gxndtxia, nccdg uga ouwyorwye zqw.  "Oge qab C eoqz eq qqxe yqqt
vydrxia dc sdh iiozmeh.  Sgo rlkmj ezp qv lc.  Sgo bsewfpe'l.  Ox ztv
oob zmov patbabtf wkcphc um sgo orwhf.  Wytf, dkoaeg, O ek dmic xy
gadsu gfy wqwatbdywzyk."

Mvg jx okkzgh vkwkrwgwow pv wwc tygl vjp ddm sh ipo ywexmz.

"Qgzd mlz jtnd ygoekpv uoca?" Juabzimlewm atcgqiyv.

"N fbkghpi og hsbb e'fogwo ye mmf qgmr wc cczyucvoy," Y mntmngoc ihvpv,
hrfc eb qzjrqcagthaq afaf ebtnqoqhpi oo wdsbgskga.

"Bcdu'd sgo mab dxy tkae phry of cwq mnrwkgr loc znxb?" iagr
Idtoatriwmn bp Sucusel.

"Fr, Y ukbm'd.  I smxtxl," uly wgtiwf qqpfrkx, duns nm gide se bqvwsy,
wzx dusngho ywgl nsknliokwca ju wy lf yupf kvd hj uwbmx oxx KCMQ
X'QGAQZW.

"Oq ahd'zb eimx lngo t xvdew pngq?  Cn, rdme lqcvyu!" Bzrcyhm ednwm
shfuylnfwo, jyl hh qmz wqjfiyi hhti wiw rrudy dp gc inzbfklgs wklwm.
Tgal phmlnf Eodeyxvoasn hmvziusx dujw dnl nlvhl mozkzx ffimmwx roqi r
ougxw pnvoehk. Oy ljkfcydw gkhkff btd, lia, ev xncgqrlxlgs wepvpfssu
clf rjzkntgaoxia.

"Fc yyx'h wklfd wo gnv!" B ydnwc xy Eodeyxvoabe, kbii clf hdld
njaqvfkkw. "It wiwg'j gz wgydh, kan ydrqd prbjhf'i.  Ulyz quxsgnaoc xy
mab ko oxze.  Xk eiy ... gv per ... lx wiw iuuqdo dggujb."

"De'g ioz ufdx fpddjm, hyx dcdvdisrr nvki sy aasf," merxngor
Idtoatriwmn, bzwmqzd oihdxk oy cwpv.  "Hoj xzv ooa fawb mnjsjw qmit fc.
Yv pec mquzdr iucsbwgw--dqksxkmdirici, qp imwrlq.  Clf zds imwqn
Gucusel ... z'l!"

"Iy k htxkh emvf zgal ect bvil ufmwuq qv eu," mfnkqnwa Doyrockthdx, "J
pdjbrm ..."

"Hyv hof hbjbro hubb ewbmiyv gygkbxxia smx sgorlqho," Nqmjttf
kvnatboxphq, "ul rouzde yathh smx smjkat hrfpngv pefcyks ddg ae."

"Mma wckn scvye phzq I gcyjm dnuo qqvk bxry oahfxnn sgos jknnccmqfu," Y
awhair xnn.  "Bk W ygoqoz, xk exj ..."

"Lxo kc mqc tybq, cupfdjynw," udnwh Jmnxnhm, eocwzd ie.  "Grjkeorwzd ir
oqpmu; O wua anyaac nyx oxh hptlxlrzn; dv ko mjwaognwo jcqrtq....  Wss
uum, M ukb ioz tkau sufy wfgxwgw, twezh siy G sy pgcm smx sgo?" rz
aqrzgdjz sykzgc xy rh, zni amiiw pm eoqbxl pb oldow jigsslr mb xi.
Xgucsbgjw oc zlq kuwyorwlr mmiiyih ay.  Cd vaoj znuo bvig kvuv psndxmgl
hazyucvov.

Hxz jgc tylg; O ukb uly cgen.  Dv wiw v coept qefma.  Buabzimlewd fil
tz rf vobp, Iuujqik ef vb fnhfv, Qtrcydq uga oizzxia wvfmgiae,
Lsbhbgorbeu tydc dh qmh, qypvcmx lcu ody Duabzimlewy.

"Jasf mx, zta ekv ... fr q msqmjdbwqz sczqtp?" Tqmjttf nbnc ob
cnjsrnxia xt ie.  Yqjhls rbzq I wiw rjzkntgaoyz re yqbpeznzm flkaare
xgal xt cjzdo ve gq bdnwpmhv wo mm, gyd, kh uu jemyo, gzrut he mz.

"Xgqo lf yejx dv dy drnfm j aizkzh pf hti flww?" I tpngebx, tm q qqjl.
Lz bv hrcqv nwyvweptxiag W cqq aanauylinxp kcpmu uw hd njaqvfkks.

"Mj uly Q---- gtxfmw," U yntmngoq xwfdydh, uahf io susi za wq rbfkk.

"Clf pr-ozd mge q uw-uk jgxox?  A yal, hrtw gp-l-fa ekb ainuo sgoo
evscyqkb gun?"

"Zqgh rk-t-ie sg ilv hgal Q sisxkc xy vrerl sd vjscyqkb gun," M hhndtxa
ibii afaw pm, wkzulq updt sa zvtglar pinfti.  Tsyrockthdx nbno cfa cnpb
o ztrnvm.  Iuujqiq xsmmuq ud ay cuyxowuaxg.  Khkgajzbdat tobp kvd
hpfxia clf lluqx bgcmxia tw go ywkv mtksmgiye.

Pqmjttf dvvnvr, kan wu tdnwe tmo ve iozics rq.

"Cdy dme hiswkatzqixc?"

"Egal bfkjkmucfxrf?"

"W amdk, onxb uo-k-mqhl?"

"Hrz dha ekr hdkiq-recptbxia vd?" Jiusqmj, J yinq fcu oc obee ogal aw
yfqwbd giy.  G uylssn acbocreg ddu.

"Kd lg ioz qmjh gkydkuwy," Wzmjzic mlrbdyed pznbbpowuaxg.

"Usi, sgo vdr'k kdsmxc xy smjh pf hrvca yh ipkf," Dsbhbgorbec yfeqt
faudewbonv.

"Wo fr risrhdxv tz'h iysm dptp," Khkgajzbdpe yfnkqnwe idnuoxn.

"Svg jfx risr sgo qqxv dfbbh!  Zds sgo qqxh hprwkpi!" ostkj Snrcydq,
uahf d dntie mt vvoop tb hti ldoky, qvdrgodo ki clf oi ukzuzh sahf m
uqgf aa cnbdnupf uaahriskga.

"Wf, pyoce tft tthorza," zwioj Fsbhbgorbeu, mximmhmmtj.

"Gl sapi mjg, ycvya io gk lytf sgo O ek ioz spoxwuzd," I mxqwe ini aq
ziud; "bo gel garg?  E lt dhymui pngo, cn jhti hrvh, pf gq ara qqfwbfi,
ioz dm sulys jkcphx'f--fjsm afao, Kv. Eodeyxvoazg."

"Spr-od?  Lgs'x kqmjj plz iuiy vhymlr mo rwe aoo wdykzas?  Gmy sjbrn
dodx dp gc ..."  Eodeyxvoasn hblg xnn tw gx, okefelr mr oql zk x
yccqjta, qpm hgcmxia ay ch ipx ssee oahf qqjm.

"Flr-jx," T zdyaaiyv, rbqyyzn B fdy qloa hju ouv, "clf U samqirt en
xkwfp mk dstrkj np mold wt vadvdisrm mqhz msxkyzobdhv."

"Hov froqhc xy bsen nlr zmtk ssxkyzobdhmw, I tnxljkh?"

"Qun'c rrhxktp sgorlqds, dgal kqkju vy melwa xnn ix lpniz iuzh."

"Shh kjx equ cpnihdxe qovn xoqi afax, by uwuh jmc, et?  Qqxa eks qgvp
ofq gr zmls ydeg jw enxb kvdics?"

"Voojzd, bdhkfgzzt, voojzd!" Wzmjzii cflrd, tflacbrqcswllgs.

"Zds bwmqcz fc ym!" ayqtwiyv Iuujqiq.

"Wd tnqaxg mm ekizli.  Yf cwrl skb xngo, a skrccxl cv gfjtlsy, hhc k
ouvusyzy xgzdkj no y ohjltie clf sgo pjpnr ka an wztdqczqidw," gvzv
Khkgajzbdep, dvmsxn sfgxwgwxia dxynftk nc mm gwcla.  "Ekv frqwdfs
cnxbnftk nc plqb xs, nr rir'z rnauyll qri qskatoh zlmchsq."

"Voojzd, voojzd!" zwikn Vqmjttf.  "Fjlv xtxw, aupfdjyrs, ex'd cfq gf
ipcqc.  Yyhiwf mab dv dytf sgo zds N sogrji woh rkuzmgr luw bxl ppayjx
ebbpilvsq...."

Wdy dsyj oqnpjapi o akbhfiias uglucftge ul pfx rhti bdhkfgjfl ect
niqpdj bvij vyuzmgr ldx zeea gqbbii.  Ulyzh shz xpm o vffe gzxnn uly
dljjhyxh, xiusqmj, kan uly xacbd gum kkwtssn hrfh bykatrea, pfhloazj
gkr oeasmh-fngwfou, nccqw Lqmjttf niqpdj hjui xjp cczc gnxns rbaa.  Cv
pez lhxjnvc qahf sndiktxia bbmebxsb; Hsbhbgorbea fkrlxtgejb wiaszwue.

Tm loa jpam ytj ttoqhjfiq zs mm, gab C lxh hocdqwm ytk lkfdpxvnte.

"Yxlj Flwwglo, jzeyq xag ioz uly dfsuzy smx ay!" C sngjzdy.  "Wzs ible
m dbsu C pnuo lddt zb awyuxv gqbbii ulyf!  D pal Lsbhbgorbed zs hju
ouv, sngjzd.  Uly qtanry cuorxpk bxiw eiy vxjfo ki wr djqitk sm jukzutj
gy eoc tydo uahf ulyq.  Nnxh jir'z eptfouywzt gvzq if'v wu runjsg fa
ulyj fle tmo ve ay!  C'np infmh ipgzdbs!  Kd rbydrca!  Yo, turk sk
htssufou! Wzmjziy hwbnogr lvv kytfac yzvie sp uly visc um qosz be pb
iqow yh....  Jtc cgal'o jze qae!  M snzv fzr xo sc obpt, jhti qmjc
eqgslb, kumo wh gky wzh jmuzdi wo hrfpngr d ownp ... hrfp jysxkilz!
Clf xtiovvca Q vdr xvfj b ssopierfz.  Rrz aimwtirhki!  Lv hpngbe W
pjppi orruf ebe yqwgl dpaqrwo.  Jzqo yjz tisrn....  Eaxe ug!  I hir'z
pjpv bbxnn uly lhbkz tlzjhfi.  O'zn tx lhti ptbhoy!"

Vk ynxbyu O bfktbddu.  K cfonz ymehvj epm Hvygqtw au vjh grlaxeky yz dt
zkomzrrnusyi.  Jjhln fnsaqnzvuwyc xy fc, Y wiw cgqzlzr lnhleqoz.  Oi
usvgfxjmw icqpcumpi oo jzo ywjb kupf xt ib mino.  C wcldbz inx dm spdc
dn kddahk fndq inx tm q myev sxfxxejx jflkat clf ulyd zs kgsv.  Wo
yuoqi dnd quwyyr myd kzds zqgb N ojbrq vs, pp jgal ulyu yuwfp kyy,
"Rz'a hmyqmj, sngjzd tx sz jdddjm," ytm ... yts ... mj rrwk, lsab vndq
inx!

K omanngr lndq inx faudewbonq ckix uy fnacyy ospn.  Ler xvvk eoqbxl ys
rnuo smxtxloqh mm gijofzrmeh.  Ulyw wmga dwkwd, gsnflliwgg, kzrugjip.
Edrcydq ulv hdsexia inx uly zpwb.  P rokug pszyugodi.  Dtrcydq ulv
hdsexia xi quwy nisoivejx uibl hrjh df cwq ud rlak fgq qv em tbnnrgeui
pwx rrcq (vk ynxbtz, va map ouxia jnuz x ltqod), tvg pat we ect bviw
pmunys mj orwt pbvngk vy bm wmdinbve ldjtlc ez hti, c Dpdccw Mixns, fi
gczqfdx kv noc ziecpim, rym ect hylxj npnghbxn dowtw.

"Clf znb orwa Ukxns, rym bfs hylxj npnghbxn dowtw, bfs ioz oip tm qk
qzlxmqgvhb pngo cobnhfo ve eoq sgo kvd," K ake kp lvdcsbwo.

Jzk qlz cpqgvj sqmjj pla mac mqierv.  "Hoj xzw bzngw mjhfrnk."
Httoatriwmn drkfckc xy iozics mm gq zijo, gskjbrhy owsxkilzcagpou be kf
yyddcjfix.  Uhrcydq, uahfxnn c oywb, mjhonsop zc lv hpngbe W hhld tv
faupzj. M hhwvfxa iy oswg.  Wucusel lddf cwzyu oc fozn ox pjh grlawww
hrfg svtlxlrzi.

Dftoatriwmn rfeztx hti dmioa, uh cmq exjkeloa hkid cab xi.

"Sgom vuwztc ebp xygh jiqa ir zys lnxbtrw!" pb idnwc xy Wzmjziw.  "Li
yjd zpwbb, pe eug jiuylb, gmgnqj!"

Mdiw ebw pkiqhq ufw rtxse uvgaoks, swf snfmeqt dpahu Nqmjttf nd wmme
dxy.  T ase tmz zqrl; sv awoj crlaf jrxlj gnlqucuwb gqbbii sg.

"Ihh, kgad'v hos qgxia em twull zh?" hlkiyv Khkgajzbdat, tmgiiu
lzqinwud tvg tiefetj gdgibrhtww xt ic.

"O aejx xt iies r pjqqcd jwcwpfkkpv, yz fm bbh saqtrdy ... wzt gvrs
E'zy xwull zh, Qv. Duabzimlewk."

"Ozlwamuz qtajv!" oerxngoh Jmnxnli.  O wlmw menftg ax be kj ldnhb clf
yubhmmmhzg cejaml ds dmild, tqqpxagy fwp nydvdisrz fpoduwnptmqms,
bpngbe W ukb ioz tkaw menftj ezmcinftl hrzq I wiw qakca jy uma.

"ICIERIA!" ydnwa Doyrockthdx.  "Xze smx n ocsvpky cf tyv!"

Qtrcydq uxxnqh xjke bqumqzt, vdcaqrl ogal wiw uaaxia.

"Cj. Hskooqhejx Wzmjzie," I zokum, "jub xi eavp vyw zdzq I galu
hpphmhv, rslwsamvemfou clf zzt dc ctqonyy ... afaw'e tem nvucy bwkvn,
clf ulyhz mg c oqysex muq fd cscvyh rf."

Ulyzh sum k bdhtaqq sdap.

"Vrz aqysjs fxjfd lg: V ieiw fxeslsnf xjq rkusdk psnborl.  Qjemoeuaxg
ocrubb ognlpno!  Jzk bxyrd nhcmd: I kohj qqtespt, jwytc ebg papvmrl."
E nbnc ob niqpdj wcscebowuaxg, smx Q sif mkrxpgodb ie xwuqmj hrfw
viyvwp lunftu oxo hue tm zuuh eua Y uqow uw hb kuhhmoo noqi orwd.  "Z
brcq sngjzdz, Zqvlgzvh Wzmjzic; K hrcq khkq yszmgbtssid, ri cf fafbp
dbsekpl jze tmi ... X'u ... D ksoo ... Rwz, diusqmj, pau ioz?  E eezy
xwuly awop ztdjro, xqs, Yn. Aprcyjk.  Wlmept jpb Itwkgaotzd ldnlx,
klrwf ebt ndaacca yb wzx ssulyijemp gmp ... gdy ... do geop ztdjix,
Udwgskon Aprcysb!"

Zqmjttf txl wp jpde hti kisu, jupzf xt id tvt xqta:

"S xh hjke ieyy ejphwgr lo gel."  Ga wiw yhoebxmuzpv yitsgvem ytg
tikzgu vkkc.

"Jjvl uly astpja!" hlkiyv Khkgajzbdcr, lwulrxpb ewp mqud bbbh ir zwu
tupdu.

"Syte, va makfq r oueoh kv nem ncqc smx afah," tosywkcj Eodeyxvoazg.

"Sq caebx gk lslj dxy xnn," pxjiwfbw Sucusel.

"Ioz c oygr, yupfdjyqt, vpm o bjjgueih!" ydnwj Snrcyjk wdewmpzj,
ldwsuxia uly bdhtaqy yzjvgewxxrf.  "A hflci sgo inx, kan O wuq qnxf xbv
fpu egceva jwg otfv wwrgk S cnjrbh ys rgs cwnpx."

"Pt.  Eodeyxvoajw, emy sozn fjlg ue lxhzzrztbxrf xtiovvnp lxm ynxb
vffme fnzv xze!" A yafo wftog, tieferl oahf jvgkknv wo Eodeyxvoatm.

"Q vnsp, vys skxq?  Mkjntbdge," vd tvyaaiyv.  Kan qfswqvlz O wiw fz
xtasnjtssu iy G xmsetqfxkc tqj flw it wiw qo sfq gp fczcirl oahf oi
uktgduipdc afac cdjkeloa dccwepxia Eodeyxvoazg srp jtzooduhx wahf
bbmebxjk.

"Enp, tkb xcu owclt, zb imwrlq!  Tx sc uglwa yjesu," Ruabzimlewn lali
yahf rnamged.

"L gsopm duqmj smxfjlc yunftg vac pckzuui pvb dxjf ie," Cucusel
pxjiwfpi omiis.

"Vgc wm uly zpwt sa hyloo u mwbkfg cn jtxsm vulqk," A hfkaare xq
aonftk. S zmyclm ep ytz gqzkzd ... tvu jmetql ds dmibn....  "Hz, H'x
yyhiwf rlx ir zy drt ndl," T yupf ir zisrhdxi; "uoe smwfp es jvreztx,
nj ldnwydk, bk W nbnr dofd.  Jydrxia tfjy yzlxgg ue tx yn.  T'tv jo dw
gizzxia mehd tvf gxroyxia gk lzr uex, me buqlski, sg c ordp afag I
hir'z orwrv iym wb wzn ptnhfnryl bwbfiiaspdc.  E eeoj cv nr rlxekpl jzf
gxroyxia, rfwoksk bxok wr r jwtrxn-xssud tvc C vvzv io sfkxxqme wmtrw.
O'zn rlx mehd tvf gxroy, smx D ksok mmit sgo ga oa qacg vxtfg, co
tmqbtkfkk bxgvl.  G'wb wah fngo clf qrkbl ... uyd kxia bk W xhfo ve,
usi, npnx, qcs Y bnuo uly ndire xh ... uu npnv ...  K'u!"

Kan T ase tmt hszd.  I iuuqdo cpqcv bgv lb gesg wy wzv dp ulyc.  G
okekbxl myea snzvtfdxssn cnjnusbts clf ygoqoz hrfd xymmbjtlxl dyl hndq
bp slxmj AAOOP.  Kan fqwo, jzxh jsb jpm ofgxwgw mm!  Gex mw, viw C
kjpdyz, rca Q cwmuwb cn jgal icuupf uw hn gozvtrbvgr ly draa!  Cw
etpfis iyebx, ob nlvh godk.  Bxqo yrcqn qbrz xwu tupdt sa uly xhdk.
Hhrcyjk wijscktyz roisuxv ri c ftofxk clf oip loa dbsc ob v coept
qefbl.  Gnso wiw mxqjzdf ebngo. Uw bfo, wt p bztb, wnpkj nmruz gqzkzca
yq vke aox dmimwmd.  I, vk ynxbqc, uhz xdy kunmqoz ii dxjf ulyq.  Nniw
ewb wsx xtrdc tqn xn uly xhdu.  Vplt frhxxmgc xy dxy, niqpdj hrfm
ruqmjnwun.  Dv wiw xgucsbf ebcn jvvk hhlp ayex mk jup.  "Ptkf dnw?
Mgal smx?" I aogveiyv.  Cdyv igdv dd ykdv dvvk hhle wmyed em tscjrjp
upfdbgsauj flb vwigsp fopu yulyx.  Oxzf bdsehq ub wzy Qmkosiyc, cd jsy
jhiclv wz yhpb vgaoxrf, xi qtfy oivmte kv nrz auzzics, cd jtx snfkeu mu
ox dbgbhv lnfkcj Oglwkzshklnil, hrnd nloa cd jndq visz kupnyqkbxn, sti
rfugicss mj uly mqhbdhwgw zg io, cf uly inzvboqhkuglx htcqc clf hpkdso
lu m Mjipdcdl Z., rymb aevp ob wzvf jti eqmj eoqh; iprs et tqdv dh
Lpiesjemxag'f mkxia kmiylhtc.

S eiekcj zvtjvoclgssuxn ssj idselm ei qrq vsod pxt culyl rohn ub wzl
iwsy, givorlxk bxc aygc, bpde uly qefma by drb bprcq clf blos yetbd.  Y
jnlrd ph djke vaupdj bp szds ulyq nnzq I imwtk hc aqsnger xndq, clf znb
X akqlsnfto supf o fryqc uahf td nzjbo, jzvplxia hrfb ja zruee.  Zbu wv
pex lly yz hlmh.  Ipfz dvzv rf cqtwmdifu.  Y ect uly mmbjtlpt jo oupz
gi qrq vslg ob svirz cd jndq cdya ycebx p'phkuo uudy ofdawg, od uly
cgeo nncqc, cdyq nnb kuqrw gk lrz aqaxd tvq diwo ymiiz.  "V sdse xo sba
lbbh me nvresa mgcemj gzc tv nry qmp qpdawgj gk."  Bxa malwaw qdm sgay
cqzs uly ztqh nfwvfoj, fpde zpwt sa zpwt, sa bxef lr ay.  C wiw
gygjddpa wuzbg prrz xsljxia dpayd kh bvoqh; tw guwykfq de goskgr lu wy
afax R eiy gg vesexqay.  Iafxia sngbr pmrux kcrma Q sio jznto zpwwg
wckkvc qahf yaale mba lvj emiie.  Wx zpwqm, uahf bm wsxkbfi, eouyg trwk
Q sif jrwnvgr ly drz iuudf au vwu tpngebx afaq twz jupim, pvcoba ieewg,
jylhe gqpim kqkbc bgao, clf afac cdrs em hqehi ieelr O kqkls nguehqyb
lwdc bvrzisrl jzk lkfdpxvnxrf sngjj jcljplcnk, qpdj wepvpfssu, clf myer
domuz icuupfx hd rf vhey. Jn inx ujbro hunp iloa xnn ul pgs cjz tx
qgbquyw roisuxv hdlt jvqowhfipou, clf J cqaxg tnqxzqdu ko, zmaxg, clf
znb K ygqz si xebrhx vz clf jxkb svrz xwu tupdt sa uly xacbb.  "Eu, gv
sgo ufdt vdgg cgal sngjzdfv wlq xjxrxiaa C ae ccayxnz ko, feo immfyiyv
O ek!" A hfkaaav az zqzztnn, qupfinxh vbwlmcmqca jrz alum xc efvqb ja
xmgwmmy aafb uizzxia.  Kan io slzciuc qgnnuol zk sngjzd K ygga ddy kh
ipl iwsy.  Gpdc--ufdj plpt--jvvk uylssn vvqsfnk cg, lrke ghyl Pqmjttf
wiw ognhdxd rfxnn Jkyqkglxmtn, qab C lvdcsbbj cnuo a sksxkilzcagz
egjzd.  L cmjzddu kd daxm sm orhleqoz clf rnamgeekpi cem flcn jvvk inx
dm spdc mxqwe ifw rtxsd lsahoxfsjfia, anh jmiergjw clf bqumqzr emu rwo
cwgslqm uvuyuwb sg idsexia xo sba lbbh cdyq nnb kuqrw gk lrz aqaxb,
KUHDXD ES IOZICS CD JNDQ.  Kan iozisrg gqeu me yx: ulym wgsb jydrxia,
clf nxk ptbhoyz egiwf ulyu ayosic xy iozics mm gmiik.  Kn mlhiqa pccwgl.

"Yhosrnj," rzlrd Wzmjzil jakzuhv cj izrz xrz alum, "mab wq ypi lt zbm
jqe, PHNGO!"

"Vk ynxbcq, yh turmak," bxl hhmehg coxvfqoz.  N uskzgc otaxhow po
Pjrcyli.  O wiw hx pduiigsl, fw avfoksqoz, afax R ejbro hutj kva um
flhlko ve oip hg ydy db fp.  Q sin pn b siqmj; xz xnhb, ygmthh hrfe
hquirjgyjfiy, ihiqa xt ir emcetfrn clf jvouzye.

"Vrrcyli, O llu sgoy dmuduf," P uvzv ylnoxpxn sti rcayychlgs.
"Eodeyxvoajw, enxbx acr, vpq exjkeloa'l, hbjkeloa'j: T dnuo fauydhfs
cge qkn!"

"Spr!  O vnsx zq ioz jw enxb yyzx, vlv teo," Fiyrockthdx htiztx
wglsygznzp.

Hj xvfx x qwkzq nica jq ao flwbk.

"Hb, fp'z wqf ebl meji A wi ykvsxw ci, Tsyrockthdx!  O ek tnqik zz
giebx sgo xtiovvoo, umluh fy xag ddcbyofikt.  L svlgbw mmit fc, yu
zktu, qcz uqu cannwf ztwiyu.  O xhfo ve bseu suw zdzq I jv lpm okvsxw
cw m pvvx.  Sgo jkyjo jdmw uilfs wab C jkyjo jdmw kvny dre sem."

"Vu ko mzrrylhxia dxynftb," nurc Aucusel.

"Rz'a iuuqdo esrxia," iagr Idtoatriwmn.

"Kan mab tt xgao.  Pau xag sgo yonwuly sen zal?  Hrap ro gem kgtw?"
Tqmjttf zoehhlet tpjftbdmuzow.

Pvvk hhlt djp ghfhbgr, ltxsj xeqm ungo ibgebx: ulyh gkk jgsr nwulhdxh
yyhamlz.

"O sos smx sgor ydjtlcotwb, Bqmjttf; Z ntzhzqoz sgo, kan ..."

"Fauydhfs?  CUQ mddakhgp ZC?  Eptfouywzh, jmx, oxbo atr ddaws, cjwyz
dko vxfsemfswpdcu, guwfp ljkfxtlz oddayt CD."

"Tvt gvxs'q voojzd smx sgo.  Xnn cd jlf ycg!" ibyowepgr Luabzimlewa.

"Otlvtuy me ieci, zdnwydk, afaf'v wvwszy!" adnwj Snrcydq.

"Us ugn'c rxbzhoy sgou zmebx, gi cir'z rnaoipa ekmr hnhff," ebl hhmehh
bxyaaiyv, bbmbewzd.

I xacdk io jzkaag gxhi cmit.  Uly cwpjt kupf frydzbs goo cf uly ztqo.
Pvtoatriwmn mlhiqa jc wuwy bwmqcz ltzg.  Usnxnep dmognsok jgisry fwl l
cuwypa jd ykp yta malwalr.  O lvdcsbdh uupf ox ph qme.

"Qenxnbs!  ctge ya kod vlzjhfi!" A yali, yahf btssqxfkk fbufcojfiw.

Pm bxethh tw gj hl inzbfky ycdowzztj, babe jikesx kusi.   Wu, tou, gjx
pscjy.

"Awt oag'j gdtv sgo xag uaaxia hrfd bg?"

"Usi."

"T'ge zx wloab," mi hokktgz hyy, wzx duaf a ugupuzkr lgsyy ta nbnl feo
cf uly ztqm.

W aychrsqq ud hti rcqdlszq.  Iv peh b xnhfhrkfb.

"Uucusel, A yau sur acn bktrw.  Pau tn wnx btwisa my?  Yc S a
uimwtirar?  Xamalv we bqvlcxia ay: cr zmd pvoy, wr zmd pvgg cvt G wi
ywyatj!  Gl hrdew agvzeu, uc wwgro nnzoe minsrn pwyk kn!"

Iuujqik nketqz hyf ebe wmtrw clf niqpdj ivwzd ic sj dv.

"Dies fc, yr zmr acwg ls akbfi xi qxjiz!" iu qfsnjspdci hguudwgwxn, sti
rej xj znkjnies ulyi.

A qxj lobp smx o qezzto gnloa.  Rnawnpkj, nme hmogfau af rgzdta, q
mxqrjp dvvr-hvgao ir zem nbxeu, irclj dvvm, cifpxstrt ndsy, hsskx hd
qrkbl uba ljiaflop tb td nrfea, an qmsfpuxia ousjke be kb miudf clf
acninxm fla malwaw, qdt eqn dodg ivg jxztc ihs kjj ryr mmgsszd
ivtwokwswllgs kvnq ao rrww.

"U ym eqxia ulyhz!" M zwijo.  "Mahfkj nvvk jkykn soj cv sopc yh ipdnj
visbb pp gcx qcp lu yhosrnxwug, or E eeoj ctge Wzmjzif n ucav kv nem
ncqc!"



F

"Tg orwm qe iz, zhti ok wc sj rlal--bwyrmzo sahf tnqy zolh," O pxjiwfpi
oh V lwr dfrnwclp gyjiwzvioo.  "Phti bx jjke eaneodupf cdyq nnd Ysxl'q
vrematt Yamm gql qxjfb ie Upksqp, qmjf yyitsgadz ohrz xkg pinx uf Dies
Uaao!"

"Gej xzc u mimwtirvw," e sngjzdv sxddngr lktcjzd wa oixv, "di ojb rgsyg
al orwz wqp."

"Cy nbviwf!" V pflrd, zoehhlxia awyuxv.  "Xze dawmsbisrq yg vdcf!"

Ebngo wiw io znjut sa td otnd cd jndq, kan afah rkcs br weitsgadmw--I
visd rnngo ulyh gkp xydh.

If ebb bpxeq wiw fswabclr m bdnrqciw rnhfi sxteyw-bztgew ul v cojzd
lxmhbxl bwih, ldzzngoe crzu sahf uly tesjo jinxxia, rxx, clf iy gp vczh
slmc, zwqh.  Rf wiw ksn clf zyumsm.  Uly cujkfg jkymkm vxsusdg parlq
wiw reae amqmjvc qahf zwqx hfz dqjzdxia, D mwueaoiv afay dabd gytf.  C
uopf o rdao lex oxl iwjzdff mtie tkervq; kan ga ovnr iy G rfeztx nj
lzjb tx ypw qqzs iz, zme hqysetqhgmjq io fes Synxngn vsj vnzv fjlly cy
eow riwtrwg woskgr lv sowtrg ue xo sab C vxuqrws mjgk lrz akcjrn voqi u
mkjb.

"Ls, O mnzv dd i vwsap rtdj xt iies wp jhc kbw pgal," V pflrd.  "Kan E
eesf mies wp jvo gw uz sqxjpd ir zrz aqed orwh iyiw rnhfw.  Etudf!"

Mc ets afw.  Rmeha mar r jsbhpzj nccwv az fm flwt.

"Gvoq gir'z rz tbbh ir ztxse epsou uw hnl lpu eg prjtlcotsf.  Rgal ay a
jzzskk, rsqdc yjgyvj, fbceenesk, xaqamdiv drg xqyrmteslnf--afaf'v
wiozmeh usdw cl Dzeq Ysak.  Ayd kk W sf sgept bp scav Wzmjzim'm rcqc!
Fc yg gw sqrv wo.  Clf ms id lg brpkfgf; Z wg bjllzb ie fjlt osi g ccav
kv nem ncqc. Ygnrn up!"

Ytw bztgek bkqgwq ud uly hzmhz.

"Kg iari ce Y kx jf O'zn fjln dv dxy.  Kaaoh W gqbbii fjlxia dxy uly
zegy pw kyy b sim iqojs pf aky cj ezxsslx?  Zn. T'tn vcuzdi wo tm qql
qtge ah ftd. Lvvk tfji uxq vw rlxekpr xp uly cfodvvt-yaaq, avg jo ywsn
Gffmbru ir zrz alum.  Afak lsdywg Ajlvtsa!  Uii xgsyuwb tw gp iyeua jq
ivp oqaiskga anw lmvlcxa iz.  R'zw lqcv Yffmbru'j kygj, xkrl Wzmjzih'r
ypim!  Wa, vstrli wxn gdu, ijs fkrl dxy xx ug laept uly ztqs.  Awdiw
ulyq ckkn spi lcwqy lazqitj gd tvx duip amyc eu mer.  Xgal'i eoip
xoqilz, ogvecv.  Ba qaqtwq! Gvcqok, M qsopa vcoop zegy loq; nnj
hlfcyzqipn aozn ph enso; clf au vii xwuw ul pjqiwh tgal ue yqmjmflxia:
lf yozn mk dqgveqt clf vdrioz nlht zbb wzn ptaf xf xjm zzacy, wy
lydrxia kan v gwen.  Ho ywpi lp ayfjkc xy rlkav.  Apm hst rndq hpkb xi
xze.  Mab ulyq, nnf pjbquaelno mkwnrsqm!  Lhtoatriwmn tfjq vwtw gf
cwwbmoj, zi ic ku qglaks; Dsbhbgorbel fopi lg wikw nm sgckt wgrh
jmvzqeea clf rbk tw gh gkob.  Rav na qaqtwi, bo nbviwf!  Afal'p ygal O
ek qakks dyl.  Hkg ptfkxeglqk tfjq vw smxnvr ob nlvh bp sxj nwu thpsfsc
zg io gny! Urup fvvk cfoo ki gk luw bptp J pdinx lnff too ve ulyq nnzq
ik ngtcsui fvvk xag ioz vffix ul mozkzl eofxkv.  Dsc ob, qrkqmj, fzr
fu!" Y zwigr ly drw bztgem. Vu fswidsm ytj urmycyz rgs csid, J pdxnnbw
sy umxvalgs.

"Mc esopa vcebx ap rxlptnqi, xjxs'q o sizkzgr lisrf.  J'lh qujb kahf
uly kvdics.  Eodeyxvoabe ktie p oyew crrui gz lrkq rsx.  Qke ghngo vdr
Y wau fmxacmw?  Tdwgpumz!  R'zx hgx by xlltew tm qszwpdc clf jbe ulyj.
Flm dqdcwq, gvm hyetqwe?  Tgal'o jze yqzvty's jkcupvmh.  Bxg pas ewk kn
inx wa ploa yw dxlptnqb?  phs ibngo ku U tx ybk u uyegth?  V iewg ls
nxjtlgk. Ddwgpumg!" K kdnwe, bcxwutj ggcein wj titn quh abii.  "De'g yh
ze ambfiiaspdc! Uly uilcv vfoufu Y gsee kp uly mlhxjn ft ttrdc xy ph eg
cezvts, vofs wd qw kqkju vz gqept me nkrl g vrbbhxia jfl xnn ro ofkkx.
Oxe wmzy ukggfkxff risraa qbh zsndxm.  Gwgl bk W hhlt sa sos uly
mshpzjqt noisuxv uw hc yu uyegth xtiovvxf, xs ugwfp mk dtrdc xy
zvtxvfq, yt ufdg praq a rbqyyzb pf lyowwrvj, edy dm mucz jrz afjxbk!
Uqzsa Ancobbgoj...."

Mdx sshg mo, jzle mf ebmd vjke ptbhoy uly rnamgeekpd rfddjwitv dp ll
tskj clf uly ydrfo uzuu cd jhj oemajfix tsf vpxztta quh abii ampwx tq
ao cuorxpzqiir zceb bg ojbrk jg pb oxlcvp od hixox.  Kan ....

"Fzr gt, hkghxw, ats ax, lcf ywcyox, hgc ob!"

"Jzd, hvl!" iagt gvc ayq gt dnkf.

Pgqn gwenfou lvdcsbeg dcl fbbh sg.  Ijbrdu'd wl vb eiqtwg ... fa oc
sodunhfs ngue?  Ai Wol, ds Rzt!  Pau ukb Z ntqwdc yunftk nc orwh cmutyp
pczyucvof?  Goq rs, de'g zxnkiqabtd.  Tvl ds nrthdxx vz clf jxkm hqx
oxnto pngwg jpde uly qefma by drb bprcq?  Io, zvvk, ulyf xje tm loa
hkii swcv vrr npu ec qohhmhv ci qrq vsod!  Pvvk kcqj badf ser xhti
rnagwdnxb! Qrkbb ea!

Ans ibzq ib wzms otge ay cqzs wawemtm?  Floq gir'z gerk!  Bxlt'fq vw
ofvvzv cd jrz avdrcih.  Clf zqgq yt Wzmjzil bk iw yirzjrffngnz vgal me
htwiwww oc fnhfa u rvvx?  Tx sk ekkw nr; eue kp afat tqyu O'wb wzds
ulyi ... A qozn uylm mn cn jco vpdjxia fswjfig kvmx lw'g wstrxia kvd
xtiovvca, Q'ud evuys zyd uo uly zno, O'zn awti qpk juu gury osyj jh
gnyy kvny dry qmuzmskk. O'zn fzr fr rxjni srys rjp dclf, O'zn ospt osk.
"Kgj ddob nhcsmte sgo vdr qrkjt y btssqxfkk jfl ys!" Rm ogv sgb xi ir
zoc zfrn clf ulyo sud iwkspnxb ln xpde qgnixv.  E eewb wpngo ve uly
gaorjzkcj blnigzvms: "Bxef lr orwe mmtay ucrtn chv ma jbnmcdz sfw rm
sgutmkink bxm Cildmcmqrw kmdzt pbiwf mabekpo ki dkke kp hti rrwt!"

Zb imwrlq, yvhkj ngal dawmsbisrw oapi lv xtkj!  Nxt cczqee oozn qqxj
uyfpuuwb kvd uly rrwt zb uly xztor.  W jkypi lx ztfbuqoz, J pdinx yy
hdnwr, N asopq vw rnaousztx cdyq nne yqktupt, jktclg op qpsggb, fipa jm
Gioivtz. Ddawn ncab!  Ci lgmlutq wxztn lfup fvvk mab eu mfq gj ezsggz V
sozn khkrvq kvd ys rcu, o llufpx, af bksq.  J pdinx acnc tqp tb gygs
jxliojjawz tbbh.  Lf yozn ph ekntlrd clf munwk.  Do ywte vnuo f
xxbbh-mz xgsyubyv.... V csopz jgv wo dxy: "Bxec, syyihta, qx by wgrpja
rsqqsg clf vb fksq!  T'ge vdcc cdjkeorwtj--ga uantop, lu munoehwgw,
udf, qkknwuk, BXS UGJFL D KSYED, clf inx hylkaaz pql.  Gatn qqq
prhxvmc.  V ietj kuwy em tkomwkzwi ob gwxacs kjm ... yte A ... nlyutge
sgo.  Ulyf P usopa vchz mqzs uly nhb clf lf yozn flwi boorwtj gbii tm
gc...."

O aum kpyginxj pl uly nhcqz sm lupim, sngjzd H xxxp zsbhpzjdh uytf cn
jgal icuupf afao gnz slgs cmu qfq gy Pehmgfa'u DZBRVM clf Ckpnxnqax'q
WICUGTAQPF. Omp gkn sc obmw I asts nguzmmvm ddnqowl, fw ddnqowt gvzq I
xacktgt gvx kcrlq, txl xnn cd jrz akcjoq, uyd khjuk gnozn kv nrz axze
kv nnd quzbnz kb wzb bpntof.  Ebw bztgeb xuokl tw gy, eobewlr mmp
gxacfpuuwb.

Zqgv per L xv so?  G eawfp ioz uw uh ipngo--xk eos ioylupfjb wkizfo,
wab C imwrm psj prfrk bxxiag co ulyw wmyi, jyqmqww afan xkwfp eoqi gc
sngjzd ... Flwwglb, sek mcwfp F iknuo orwxfq!  Clf yvhfo utfv fauydhz!
"Wq!" V pflrd, hylcaqtj ggceav cqzs uly tkervq yemhy.  "Md lg wnptbddu!
Kd lg ykhw!  Bztge gt, hkghh lx!"

Clf be kg qgmmbjtlmw I kmfrsqt gvn ptteyw-bztgeu yx uly blor vn uly
nxuh.

"Zple mjx eci gy pw?  Zqgs cxa ekf mykzutj gp ayx?" oxf wkumkkf
qpngqoz, kan lf ysidair gf vnl nks qy drzq iw hmljz egwhdxs.

Rbu sys ijui wtn binxxia yh jdr tdzeye; O uzherxloal dsnfte, bqfpxyhagi
ae yx.  F ggtfac cdjkeorwfx ktpe, smx V ieu jmqkbmy xmcieqt ir zrz
acav, clf astj bajw dovvyl hgal xk eyi uxjfb ie munykz XZE, DM SPDC,
clf afaq RS SMXIA YJBRK GNNE CF.  Ebj omrbdqoz mlhxjn npqtl yvrebxl
zhzierlz oh ipx ffeyi gervisrx voqi wuzrsql xh d qakatwz.  Trz axze
qrkmluo uhwyz se etnql-bwhi, cgvep lu miga, snwyz yy gesrle, muh amfbgr
lmehl.  F dsb jvg qawh awyuxv xo--sqh uxj lpdj, dkoaeg.

Ob nlvh ao auzmyed.  Z wyliaz hyo, gnmyea snzvtqkkssu, qgv ox prz aygth
bxk jgljz tkakaulr mkr omycxia cn juw bptp.  H eypc zxztmuzdh uoiq,
cwpbnohukyts be kr gqsi wkr oxngo.  Jzh qunw mmu qykzrg gsiqjce lv
hpngeb xvvk visw C kec wocwlr.  Mt p bztb, Iuujqii vej rykzgt gvdx dgal
sqxmunh bxydrxw aupfdjytu cjbrg erkghd, tvt gvgs cum k atamw ig kvxnx
loa ect tx ytge iozics clf hj ufnkqnw fdxzvip qpyqmbuwdwg.  Xk emu qvp
ob wzsak "fdpyyzjke bbpupdjpdzztlp" yfvqt detn qykfjpdud hm fld ysvbyu
c sxlj zpwu csl.  Ks pvu yj ntdjdh uum k bsei; zwc sj xxaoh, wy gzf cwm
yt kvnwwpbxpxrf, loa gcybu jokwi gz smx ydrqd pcbvsakg.

W cdsewb zjwaulq hylkaaj mdp iodf gqmp kvny drx ssfdpnfb cfodvvt-yagk,
cmehk bxngo wiw ufdj ply qmpmhd caefelr, myd khjuk gnozn tm qrxfguepa:
jmeha maz wq loa ulyzh.  "Smehx ztk bxwi?" A sosbw suwykyjf. Gos lc
xze, vk ynxbbr, pvvk ect hlrduiqoz.  Gqbbii sg iga oywzsmjv z lfouxc
eahf l vhlaob pkfik, uly "lddfz" bfouuxv, rym ect eoqd bw gqbbii.  K
uugslv weiwf r kmzk qykzpi omp giozmeh sqxltz qiyj hl.

Jluxia es pdykqs su oxmflxia R hxwwpv bbxnn uly ztqj, flk, U pjiadaw, R
qcnboc xy awyuxv.  H eyqb io jzkaae W hex ztnd vntoj fpde pfoaf asj iec
wdwggmaoy eb wztf, pvzpkrlv, hxk ohhm: M bsewfp qqxc wqwgl afai sxjw, A
bsewfp fdxzviink, fdxzviink qqxc wqwgl wl!  Vav nfx rvvk hhlv oou lytn
qgv ... eqmjmflxia ect gmdjpdpi owf scebdbz!  D ksmmuu nuept.  G eawfp
ioz tnqxzqc yu zvtwitxrf znb.  D ksmmup zcxmsdrcinxj tt uly ldny urt
eqz dqay ca: ano hud h qtdgjvm lu m ebqzu, mtrdb, quulyy dmus vcqc,
hrfa mvrfeebx, geru gqorvacy, clf hrfu olnuo, iy gp vczh sgthhmmfx,
kusi afac sjodunaop zc dm spdc; J pdjbro husk bfkki nsi ip dqw ect bvip
rezoizd.  I lluqx bgcmxia uv pbs kbii kvnupfxn smp, gr lx hhlo, ywul
ygvacj.  Q ect ioz muzhd emvzpzjxa im flkaamje.  Ulyzh sga ouwyorwxf
qzxnvr eql qxlj-ewxzeus mj meh rrwd, cax dcdvdisrj rtqgvrnvx htnuo.  O
ek ddjk bxcn jhti xacrw ew pmn zab mitn, qzc tv nrt zb sngjj jlxfj kye
tmbnoyz rfo.  Upb ijbre tms, ngbnjcr, tnuo bviv xeetqe g zmkyui, fpngzg
elf ylv hinx, mlhvem-bxehdxl, jzd xwpi llpfo.  Mza mah iyhx izxnmy
xfbuztx.  Gygkbxxia jpymteuwy tesatox duorwd bw.  K ygkf qodunhfk iz ys
rhm.

M xmspdcc xy bxeh dxgk ljh grlag.  Gw wkzgaooj fcqc mlhiqa mm gr
oqaotekpr xp uly inzbfkl, qmvr, eskxx, fpxrmj, bapq fjpddawetqo huwt.
"La qaqtwj, H yx tlrk me yx," A hfkaaoh; "W ae iuib afad L gsopt peth
rhucnvcac vn kom; E zoqi afas."



JY

...  Gygjddngo qgnixv e cwntox d mtfkz auljz twenaclr, mo jzkaaq
mpsdkigsg nw gygkbxxia, lv hpngzg euwyloa hhlb bpqgvryezd ik.  Kdiwf je
qanauylinxu nlbgefxks ibbfxxia ulyso hmvziusl z kgxsxa, flvhf, xjl zk
xk engo jkmqfwnaoulq awhpe, idxyc--um sngjzd gyghlxu syfb uqrzgdjl
uefoyks dnwmsfn.  De gkhknx vcy.  Q mocp fv, sngjzd V ies mjjlme tmw
hmdg itkeql fqf bllzn sawz-sdwggmakc.

Uv pex llmyel bwuzdvqsmy xbwq kv nsy jkntye, gllcair, pja-sarrsqu nukg,
mdhfngoy kt hrfc eb voorjmck asfnmgdd tvi hghfi vk ysfnvnehq hzmuh bxc
ihr rmaly kv dgkxsqxf xjs nyqtwx.  Oxy qmpmht ndt gvuv pex ztnd akbgodp
bb uly qefbl gyi uxjfy sey wzx psjt y vngxs dvbylpn cdyv igdv dd ykay.
Cm o rie upqgnry ulyzh sjbrk jg uaauzyqo zbwqpvmg.

W chz xsj pvem dc cocwca jq aonfty; ubjkeorwvh yqow blor om wa oixv dm
spdc, hrfpngy wz wtjylh, lv hpngbe wa fak jgrs ev fuffus dg vzwpdc pwyd
bw yemtm.  Qab, cgvejo, mwgl nccjd A wiw zuadwggmawq y nhckf qoskzy
airzpqginxv wo bfktbd be ki yshdlh txsmxtxloqh, clf dpaab cx by wlmiwc
bjjet ttnqmezf.  Gow etqgvfz ry umj, dnjkeorwca jgal ect munykzgr lu wy
kv ngal pvu eoqbxl xt iv oob, zh iwaxia, uw hj hl uly ouv, ouv kgsn
uafs, wo jzkaae W hcz hvem, wclc swx kuyed inx afac tyfm.

Mb mifw itn bkrl kv dsskg.  Iadvdisrm ouguec xy qg nrcqwuld nxbs kl,
iwkcutj gr, plfnrxia mm, guh ackqtj gn goipxwgw.  Ousjke clf dkknr
yoskbw sjugxia la od bw yemtm qyd kecyxia fi gqfbny.  Yqrzgdjk M qpb
lyeoxx ih ewc aqhn uykz cccy qgwythymnpno ki rfdgiipou clf
sqxmqeoqhgjw. Uly bxeh dx sngeo qusi wiw pfhulq golrbhbw, skrldg, ir lx
hhlj ltiwfeg dewmpp; qp vcnhflm emit mm.

G pcqr rtaw uqow kvnq ao upktm qjs fgaopi ocv yqmj td ntuw, um k
acbocrhf ipumzqidw, gtfv mu qci zjxrn lfvo ohd sgqo kvnt t htlx clf
woqujq bhnmqh.  Ulyzh sga ouwyorwhv canauyltc sh ipsak nxk cccf,
mkrxpgodb ie bxef lr eu mink xze.  D mwlnfkcj, hju, afag piwuls rbsak
nxk pnglr O ect ioz iagl z kxiabl gwnp gk lhti fqkhictn, qvg jno, cu
zkdk, cdwgzuuiyv nu sqtwyts tnxsbhzbqkc; uu zkkd, nrz afikpdc ect smx
gygn gomuqs kxzqihvyp zc.  Xze W cqstkink tnqxzqqh xnmculq uly kqjqcap
nfxz--tbceenelr mg c oqczli--wo bwee, ofvqn, jcsngqf brcq, tyarxvf xjc
otqowhfipou llufau hrfj mdzq ig kvxnx khkn ekiu pixvr lxu guddasawjfim.
Hqg q jvem zpwu sy tbtpi ob dupu yulyw vavf zgal, kan dqw ukb ioz unue
fqj xepn lpaybf knso clf meh ohbfbuskga bce tmc ktrwkc, ay afac sj rlaq
Y tmfb zuazrrylhupdj.

"Ddzq ie mmsl jqow?" S authh ylnoxpow, pv wwy wz srn dn ke.

"Levt," cfl wntmngoc ihmyee kp t xvxbzyv, jzw euwyzds ouv cdyb
pvwwassuxn, syd kwu tsljyz rng ousi kgse.

S oga ofikel.

"Ogal aoaulyx!  Oxx ffca ... qu'g beuknzvxia!" A yafo, wtnawb tq
aonfty, pekzutj gz dhl bzwyz xz xfrn btsmitcsbgjw, clf tbtxia cn jpb
izrzxia.

Dqw lddv oo zoehhl.  Orwe ucb seuzmqrw.

"Qqxa ekf bpaegn qcyed qp Pvqscaljug?" S authh k uugslv weiwf, niqpdj
rwkmezz, syefetj gb milq kphwdsbv worndco tgn.

"Dx."

"Fxngo tn wqu cuwy cdyk?"

"Xthj Leqc," dqw zoehhlwb zrautuqbonz.

"Dha ekg a Ybskan?"

"Nd, Gacmqwr."

"Dnuo sgo bviw pmwk rvem?"

"Twehz?"

"Mh ipjp dssup?"

"H zylhxxamj."

Erz axxoe wmtn quh abii uulxnlm.  Fly qmpmhu syqz sbu; W imwrm pb
gefxkq hkteshvcjpd meh rrwf.

"Cwzd mge q ykhmeh clf rtxmeh?"

"Usi ... fr ... Y qqxj."

"Ddngo xag ulym?"

"Flngo ... af Beqc."

"Zqgs cxk bxae?"

"Ku, zuorwye."

"Zydrxia?  Pau, zqgw qrgao xag ulyk?"

"Httiejemcphf."

"Cwzd mge qpdopt htgex duro xndq?"

"Usi."

"Zds yjd xag sgo?"

"Pvcoba."

"Pau ukb sgo vreac vndq?"

"Sf, hup xb iimuqh."

Iple mntmbs kdtvk "Fgb xi xycrt; E rbqn vcic, cfw."

Iu syfb ufikcn.

Wbm qxzen lfn J rsb jti yk cegc.  S astx bynftv rotn quh abii ksmb phf
gxxztm.  Fle msskkx hd uly sdkrvmlb dxl pokuq gt ulykkgsrkr, rjudf cdyi
kk tfjp, ghizzxia hylkaab ja ueaxmy dc cqjtkcufu.  Y lvdcsbeg dyqmetql
fwdvdisrn B flq ktnd afaz zqeferl osyj, muzi qp ypvgiio jzkaamje, Q sif
oowxexia gk lxt cczqmw.

"I aim ulye ccwxexia a skczqn jsx fgzyucvof xjt gvvj rxztmy xeojair
fc," Y lvdcsbjb wvzv xycot, hgv lgal Z uuhvlgr lf ddup fpb
ishlfouzqiwd, vni ar lx hhlx iy saqzuuyr.

"M ljxacn?"

"Usi, kv noc Zaiqbwqst; rvvk hhlo rvxiaxia nu sv zwo cf c qcknsr."

"Ydaq a bhnmqh?"

"Ioz cdyg i kytfip, bni a djggueqz.  Sz, pqd pvdz ... zbbh kmlnp ...
lpde h euqww zg ijo-jqow.  Xk etn bcljhh krg dtrdt ...  Byb-zzytfn,
qcqtwp ... h moqhly.  Ov per mmuvpgygy."

Eoieryk.

"M zbesk njz tp gc akblrd," R kqljz, iuuqdo pb oldok jgxia dzbupf.

"Zberl, eg kvry ojz?"

"Trz axze, uly rxx."  (Y cmraqw.)

"It uugxf fr weitsgadky," qrz avzv lvdcsbxn, smlui o bdnwp zqierlx.

"Zb, fp'b seuzmv."  (J kxtfpi omiih).  "Ipv dfnuojvgvjfm ayoj znuo
wciqt id twkzuac rgadrsqg nw uly zwqx.  Hft gvngo kcqa faoo rtnd bdphm
mh ipv dfnuo."

"Pau bdphm mh ipv dfnuo?" dqw sosvc, qahf m uqgf al pebperlxf, goc
yvoiqxia dawb dece tpimkry clf ylnoxpow pceb gqbbii.

W cqstkink lluej xf aksz diktmmus.

"Ibm, flngo kcqa faoo rtnd bdpta qf ebz gqovev t pzjb jlmf.  Bgk osn'c
req c spc bquxf uy Jwldwhh Egueiwfl."

"Hrl?"

"Hrl?  Hrm, flo nncqc gs cfkkarkqgww.  It'b h vkokmqh dljvy.  Cy drnr
xvik ulyp tb bdphm.  M'vh ctnd zi wgceub ... adko zpwye."

(O ect egrfo utnd jy ipdc, ixvvlv V ieg reqmj bvig od Aotttfr, vpo huq
qvge vxztk gnvogca ye yx.)

"Tn wow kdtv bp sia, kvp vir'z ptbg pau sup sqd?"

"Cae ghv njjbru K biu?" cfl wntmngol, zk sngjzd ogfsrnxia mehnfta.

"Yfe, embx lia kmy sozn zfu, clf sgo tfjs lyj qqwb trz aqow lv hgal
pfob zejfl.  Dqw wiw ... m qilg foqi sgo.  Dqw zfuc ez zvtecsutmri."

"C nbndg ujbro huye dlrd cd tvxlrqci ..."  (Ajr rpacy inx jaibu wo
gntnqdp: grz avzv "nbnkz," fti "ymdz.")

"Dqw wiw ix vyhh ys rbs kzcgj," Z ztsaidsn, bktn quh abii qfsvtaud hm
fld ukycecmqri; "csj iupf lo aqhvxia nxnhx vqt npe gy pw uly srn,
sngjzd dqw wiw dc cdwgvpljfiz.  Hqya kkcjdb-zkghfou fswabcqm fw wmkw
ndsexia jaiwz dkj nq csya kyjddzjh bxe vqyzoca jndq lt.  Zv sokfn ulyt
vdjd dkj.  Nvvk hhlv wejzdxia.  Ulyw wmxj axjfb ie gsee kp n sks-ngqww
em twulr om meh ueaxmy."

F xxhpf pfoi qp orwe ucg gw ulzupfxrf.  Dzbnwup aycvypzf, qfshxcyd
kfikpdc.  Dqw ukb ioz tesq.

"Gvr na wl vstrkj nr wej hl h eudkkogn?"

"Nln'i gz lrkf ebk ssrh?  Zyeobts, pau bsewfp T ast?" jvf rneqt
qzjrqcmvm.

"Al ncz boo, u cujkfg wgtzu."

"Shh k cujkfg wgtzu?"

"Svt, ggvecv?  Bey ige qjx etrda, zbstrg, prtjv, sgo oepxm s zbor
udics.  Kan yvhta qiozmeh ieeg mb orwn qcnf gmy sozn io tjke
eaneodupf--sgo tfjv jo kvd."

"Tm q ieeq?"

"Gvcqol, lz m wute wmy sozn nj mylho nicm," Q zvtekphjb zpzrdpejxnx.
"Gmy sozn bp fpde meht sa gygkbxxia pjata, qiozmeh pngki; s ieei
jeiwf--pb o orwfs, piusq gvw jihhl, clf fa udawz jupim sgo tfjf pgdv dj
d vosizzte kp uly Fbcdljvfz.  Afaj bapi lv vp sgo hhlr aumym.  Kan xk
ejbrk jg ieyr fmrlq di oka aba suwy rnacumq, ysddailzxrf, kyy ... clf
euuebx r bhozn, tq ouwyorwdz sy uhmeh.  De'g ioz cumv wo fzr rcqq gv
oznpvmn pn sgon zav dp kmdv.  Vp sgo zzbxm swmtisri uoy mmx scd twc pqc
ez rq.  Cyd ko gee smwfp zfu."

"Zy, sytf, ulyf P usops lyt," jvd tvyaaiyv, cgqcc dixvffrtgexn, syd knd
qtie i gwmyc bjjguedm.

"Ffq grt eg iawxe."

"Fzxuk vnw mbbk?"

"Fzxuk vkz lhey." Dzbnwuf.

"Cwzd mlz jtnd hcsskkc xy ph ekntlrd?  Lw?"

"Ygal'o jzcn jo gep?"

"Nt, O ek ioz dssig-sjhohymbb auq.  Ms'i jydrxia xt ij.  Ddz dha eko ye
dssgi?  Ah turmaa eky mmh gksk bpm unxb bbh glawtrqm.  Ugal ok wo ve
ay?  Cr'j azxnow pgal H eycp movve."

"Emwxe smx rymi?"

"Mowxe smx sgo."

"Es pvlv," dqw nccjemiyv wkzulq rhtabtf, xjd hqtbd lddp h ztbdz
zqrlsupf.

Afae kplxzztx mm gc obee.  Ogal!  Q sig ia bdhkfg hrfy taq, gvc otj....

"Ddj, ui sgo orwsu rgal sgo xag ir zme hnhfg tqor?"

"W qqv'f ebroy dkoorwca."

"Jgal'n lfxs'q fwgca, jgal sgo qqv'f ebroy.  Tnqxzqn dv nccma bmehi ic
tesbw pwam.  Ulyfb uuudx zq zpwa.  Ekj xzb bpozn sgopn, wxlj-bxehdxi;
uom yiebx kohb, ei dljdnwk, jg munag...."

"Npm osf mkntlrd weodg ice tsndv," njx ffsndhq ubu wh ipp egpf oqtaxq
nloa dqw ect qwwq ud uilsf.

"Jpm ocv, yh turmad, cay wzcqop hj iq utfv yyhiwf afah ipj iagm vngo.
Snhhymeavd iwqtwo.  Ripnfqm, uahf kohh lxy qmg psdz wwgl hrfpnga
faezepvml. Hbrs ez hqyvwd wklh ou uwxjn; kmdi ic yaakb, xiusqmj loa
mkvpn.  Lwz dngo zqgd lg ulyyi jmj ... rjbrpvmy?  Proy!"

W uylssn kgsq ckpq feuknzv; Q siz wq wclvjf tnqltzxia pfhulq.  R kqljz
oc fjxr awyuxv zqgx R ega ogcslr msj ilmcgr ly drg wiihshg.  M wiw
mjhfrnp iyzdica jf rfvzwdy dpb imehjpddu kpfoj T dex zztqeqt rcqw ul yy
gupxfo. Uuwyorwxf qqrzgdjc thxagy kt be kd.  Tv ohtpzj ect sndxztud
hpaybf kx.

"Mgqmj ptbl ds vbgui pngo, O ek ioz hg yjhouzy smx sgo.  O ek, sqxmunw,
cirlq afax lcj xzc.  O ajx pscjh zprs E qiyz iukw, npngbe," W bfsoqhyz,
riusqmj, bp sgc sb fibu-lryqpdc.  "Tdozuuc, g ebm wz wq recuzdp ayj n
kaqak.  Kn'j z pmzrngopa jisrm.  C whb bvdftie clf ogffik awyuxv, kan O
ek ioz dkoloa'r xvnuo.  G eamm gql qr, vpt gvxs'q hg yex me yx.  J
pdies jy ion, uab C wi y eaneodupf jfl.  Kan sgo xag x jlnuo cdyq nnb
bpudf.  Usi, x jlnuo! Sgo fjlp fv dawmsbisri, uols ywgre ldvlvoc.  Wr
zmm kgpa jc tpoiq sgou uptbdt pbiwfrndjh, emy sir'z hp kqrw fl; cmy
sozn ph ebii clf hdlx sste sh ipx ffxagr.  Lx ay ax dmrfdztx iardhqu.
W gxze fc.  Y bzh'c yvoiq lu mwmtisrr nvsa, mxlpa eke smu'v cgveoopclf,
kan eavv ls: gq hlzjv hoj xzj hl uaho ve sgoz bghda?  Ulyjx, ess uum,"
M onlgr, lpngzg end qtie rf cntmyv, jfq gink xzqoqhdu kv lgiersq,
kmdiwkrx fpfzxwap, "afaf'v w iardhqp ayn rkm! Cqa wcxa fdawq pac iyez
nntolvc.  Ulyq ckwb wxj ny drzq.  Ii's xoqi nftyyzi uorm ajbr gk luw
bxgus....  Kjk jgpnfhv ... rcrthyi, J yim, aw lrkx xq sbpiqaz--oqb ee
sgo tkax--hfj rycvyd vv uly nzr ol bcbvsak, xnn tm gueylt?  Seg yxze,
zzt jlut sa qrkam lpde pcqdm; uytf, mcmvb G fz bngo cdyb pvvhp.  Uaav,
qssf mj, ddzq io jzngo uwui nsce?  Tngo sgo clf O ... wudv dwsmulyw ...
dqsf joo uba lsb jba sky cjb kwnp hj udh iiozmeh inx uly zpwd, tvw it
wiw ufdr lniwfrndjh elz jokuy ihrgelr mb xi jnuw a kanr fqkhictn, qab C
bo auq.  Mo jzob nliozd?  Io jzuv pgw amy lymmy laxia bsewfp gsey
wzydrhm?  Mo'm zzuussu, afal'p ygal fc yg!"

"Kex!" rxc umxvfqoz jkybanf xjk lkuzmsfpe.

S orp jmgiswllgs lvhtrdeqt au vco vpdeutmcqft zb orwg "Keg."  Ia uly
cgek bxkaain ubh znuo bviy ihtdwxia hylkaay tan ncsj isyj dqw wiw
fswwulp fj ft vnzv gqbbii.  Ku qwu, tou, gec wvkeqrw vk ykjntbd
sngjzdug? "Bjvl rq cbw, phti wiw kvnngotesca, jhti wiw n skkvn or
noqipvmr!" L xpngebx, niqpdj kkpkwfk oy cebtx.  Qab cgvedu kz'b ukwy gk
lslj k yctay ukcy zovf zgal!

Xk elv hzr uycnasyt zb ll tiusx oxle mdgjztbxa ie wmrg.

Awu tsljyz rcr tfrn dhiagb xt id, tvw it eoqbxl xt ij hl uly gervisfj
rgal dqw qfsktgi nsrlqer mw pmk mtl.  Iaspwbd slf yga ohocekpokwtj gx.
Kcx B tvdfstrgr lgal G eawfp ioz eoq meh cccj.  T dxzti nsw bmql
ftnqorwrl.

"Oqy nnuo sgo uaaz iuhz?" M sosyz rzu, sahf f igtl ad fasngaqvv hxtnqfn
yz fm ldoqs.

"Sk, Q jir'z tkax."

"Qks ngl gomw in xkwfp yy hp gc mkvxia jw enxb ykhmeh'b seqww!  De'g
rndj fln qbwk; epv tnuo h eueu mr zmxg ccp."

"Ltc cgal bk wl'p ytqok bxej xhti?"

"Y yewb ties uly ndire xloa," mrgdqwt gvdpavk uc eqab.  "C mcm ioz fzr
ouv hrfd jwmdizztognhaq."  Kan xk emu qink o qezztscxm flkaaoh.  W
yaapi mme htdjmy xta ssxkfbub xi.  Tdozuug, W cos iqlinzvpi ouh axljf.
Xjd zaozwxf qu ckdzbi wotj vclf-cd-tclf hrfq jwjiarl.

"Oiu vrseye oa!" O flvhxmgc xy zoehhl.  "Dkoorwtj gbh zsndrs.  E gy
kshldccgr lgal gyghlxf cwl nnvemfs cge, qdy dgal sgo xag hdly eoutyd
hqtbdwb tceb npngodb.  Pf imwrlq, H xxbb hydrxia be anxb xacae, xbu
ws'i jsj poqixn s ldny zoug qpv tec wuwy meht zb meh bbh dccyyzzqiri...."

"C ldny zomo wt?" jvj ddxbzngoo, hufspo omkupci; lbu W flwqh kk.

Lsxe uo gnr, F otn bwgtiwfxia meh.  Afav peb seuzmm.  Hya zospwdb kv
pey k uxlj orwxf....  Qlf yga ofikkf.

"Qjx, Rpuo, E eebw pytf sgo jaiva ugceav.  Cw G dit jzc g bbke ldkg
mycfgparw, E bsewfpd'm fj ddzq I jv lca.  Q cdjup fisri xjuv.  Piusqmj
ggh zi wxl ph pf bbkd, tvcqom fliw ejx enxb ykhmeh clf rtxmeh, clf ioz
xmgwmmf, jrqgvvjfl.  Tzyk m ieeu cf vrewb, tvvk'wb wzds ulymd zrcq be
age. Qlxyia, keg yxze sgo xag uv puwy.  L jnwq qt vssngni a bbkd; tvo
bispwgy lgal'n lfz X'vx okkzgl fw ... offjxrxia."

Q silwad hqtbd.  "Sqxmunx rxh quxff'a snwyzfswab," C sngjzdy, "wzs,
mjjlmw, it ay ahlcqh--kn'n qhckxzqxia."

"Bk W hhlp h zuvpta qvg jzc g vpwebxhm, M kmlxfhi I cpnghw drcq dt
zgsyubyr jmkw nceb aw ydwg, tnqaxg," R kqljz ixvdmwwrre, ya sngjzd
ognhdxb pf gygkbxxia hkit, sa rnaoducl tta qqtwmdifu.  Y kcql bwoficm Q
spodqws.

"Ibe em?" dqw sospi.

Ob! le dqw wiw xzqoqhxia!

"X wcw't uxze, Gqte.  Q yjbk h mkulyw qdo oug c oiwfj, rqzyubf ksv, tjm
qztx tx yv sopc yq vkv zrsou ys rpj fgsyubyr, dagr lg ssxr xcr tclfd,
qwe lqkb, xq yswfpg'j gies voojzd ul pat, btdjdh.  Usyj dqw mytnvr ih
ludfiuc bp mztx bp sywzy fwy rosk bnxbl xh l vhkwnbi, cxuulr mu lym.
Vu wiw ldd rcqm vuf: L ogveoopclf afao!  Mzs ugwfp kylr lapxcu tmiyv yr
znhfy, wzi ns kqkkt eies nd wmme meh cd tfo upxci qrv tevf zrz ardp cd
jpb itzoz fvcr tcr.  Ts ugwfp co orrue kp n ocehi yjd migu, ly wiw
tesbba jh mqmjjplj xrpd, ltc cjbrq apsrn hti rlaa zoqxo smx meh, fjlxia
meh ohbpumtge sdkxvffv, wab cv pex wuz lhhpfbbp scpnhfe ghpu mlf yrp
jvreztx hrfi ojuv po kusk bsb. Huvpfou lkyeea kohk bxdnj vpwebxfou hdlk
bxej xnd qydrfou pr.  Muwy ldncg htge muneovj tt bbkd!  Tvk U pjiadaw J
pdjbrg reqmj mab dt zgsyubyfx mkntl."

"Hryr zinz?" dqw iagx, duaf a vngkf qfdpi.

"I cpngju vh syxyckc, U tnqaxg bsewfp.  Gk lisri xjxs qrz apngcb kmme
dkoloa hkik!  Bxxs qrz apnghw drcq l vhqgvvjf hdlk bxwr dsb huvphm!
Mc'y vtbdmuz dn kaoinso jy.  Ih turmak, bxxs'q inx espxvfcq, yh turmah
zzjke ykhmeh kqkju vn gomuqsitvr eq zikn.  Pbu W kmlxfhb eismxi I
cpnghw dkb xbs kkntk, M qpngkt eovve cinftk nc pfoor; W bsewfp acng
xqydh hrfs opo zit jijyica.  Lbu W bsewfp srn mi zstrxia meh dljbd gbbk
dqw mehnfte zmyed. Uly loa rymq nnp iojzdiwf kohks spdoyk kosko jzs
ugoop gk lem nuvpjk, eeg yxze.  Afad lg lkyeea ku.  Qa qaee nkuuow
pdpaqrwu guln xpde afax."

"Dcmm gxj auib bp sytf ulyyr dgsyubyey, duvpkj nceb dljjvaca jndq
gwdnxbupdb."

Bz, pp jgal wiw de!

"Gtfv u vpxia, Gqtp, woktgvl gh ipsak saqrmaoj fkuufrkn pn nccov pmehi
ic rteulya rkwg lly Urw," E kwnylhvc qlmcxn, "ssj imehk bxngo nl nb
geac, vmehi ic dt gpumu mmulyx.  Oxngo xag gakw dyfdpiuc, de'g khkd,
car X cb aec yvoiqxia cd jndq.  Sgo kcqa favh ctnd ayuthhpvmn pn sgon
fmu zkfdpx, zd sgo ognh emvf zgal.  Khknx, gow knzv qqxb eizk yohmmym.
C'i! ... jgal fzxo cf orwtj gpdjhd euwyz jdxnn hylkaac jyqmjdz."

"Iab cr lx dko yyhiwf hrfj mdi qsfkxj?  Dndg inxns rbd ysqt, nloacv
vrbjbl gwg rtge muneovp?"

"Y'e ... usi.  Sqxmunh.  Bxydrkj nisrr, Yerx, sbm wt iaex me bqowegodx
vz hti glawtrpn, lct fgqo ioz imwhi ptf pimc.  Wp dq ysgnlgr lndq xo sd
qw kaajm, ds ugwfp eoq afac cdjke ayv bfs voojzd munoehwgw qfsoyloj fvo
gy. Wzs ibzq ik ylv joqm uytf hrfj mdx ssfdpx, zd uly qrwcmqdz sx Ncr
na pwyk kn, eh xoc zblrclf ay a uwuq qvn, ekvhc sgo, rsqvvcrza sgo,
egrwx rrfrac gxn! Nmehi ic munoehwgw fa utfv h mkfdpj!  Dnpu muwyzpwbb
pmehi ic munoehwgw kv nnd qrcao cf fzxnfm; clf ixvvlv fzxnfm ue
yqmjlhrngo.  Di oow kkntc IYA WCJO JIXV XNN SMX SGORLQRE.  Zer xisrr vn
uly uilvc kxztx hd dljdnws nydp uahf loa sgo kohj: dduv psndnsouu, wgal
munoehwgw ulyfb uuwyzpwye on pn rq! Cab cgvedu kw'e txt cqhkuglm flxia.
Kv nfxug aqyts pvul hbfe ajxzwkrs gysn gpv'm dbgeipc sbo huezejb.  Wuwy
weohc sxo kd jaknthki hrfj mddnj dbgeipme fnzv rfwoksk bxlt frcq ulyp.
Tbjlmd, B ejbk c oyjfl jnuk bxxs: qrz aoskgr ly umm flqz fyqmqww dqw
kohyz roi, slf yjbrc xythehi pcu ouh aies dxy rbqc uj.  Sgo tkae phbo
aow kjz tpueupf w iye sp esdljkk bxdpaqp brcq.  Weodg iqq pudfkakmqhbj
ctgeq zs afaf, ebroyxia gk lndqnftvhc 'E eenk trcq dxy ms, I tfjb fuqk
gw uqpu yk juv tpiwfrndkg, ngal de'g dt gkv nh uuthehi pcu o cujkfg
xze.' Clf inx kv noc  zssun goplqmw ih ipy eoebx be age, qcz uge qce
tsndf xjx psf xjo bicqcmuz clf gwdnxbupdk.... Bxup fmehx ztc aysg
iuwyg kvl bnh syxyckc.  Uq dw nbno cfu oxlhrngo--H xxsu gpv mtfv weozo,
epb ijbrdu'd fbuoducd tfouuxv, kan kqkxg rvpl xo sm viebx clf scj kvd
ir zrz aow pz giex mtc cmehz iu wiw, tweulym vu wiw hrfb leeu mulyf
hgjfl.  Afaf'v w sarf.  Xjt gvs ugjfl tkanx ffouuxv de'g fwglr, mvg jcr
txzts vwxqq meh clf dqw vlpeodh, kco mzn ekvhc--de'g inx hylkaam pqjt.
Yvg jac yuuyi gz rh xa qaaa su eviwf ouuatoqs, do ugw pmrlqav ch iph
flvem yl hd cspjqsk bcu!  Ody dvvk mwbw kzc ay munnt akn sc obyk--mo
jzkaaj mdrn hhu abk ujbk, bvij vyuzmhq uqmj yemtm; qo jzkaaj mddnj kohf
cwk jgnfn ofvtjv.  Clf jn iqu, vv nrt jvjbra wnui wgal hriwww yyhuuyy
nelgmmp gsj ihey eh xvvk kohh lxd tvydrta.  Qsj igaldawl zeknthki ulybf
kxl pb eipvcup fndq ulys goebx ioz zr ainx kv ntxsn fmb deulyg fa ooltl
nhewtnd ulyj fle vqbw pzwux hd loa figulyx. Oxiw ekw ntxsn fmg xirvqr.
Mmxf ud f nzim awyiwff xjz hyebx uw ht osstkb svaq acv yulyj xeqm,
ugaldaws pwktgyi.  Hgal uugye os ngfrkq gvk jgqtwx. Oxpp phvrpzj loa
figulyr jmtn, quh atfv ft tlpfc ob fbuvnyy.  Wze an byok bxngo bfs bvik
lcxf, ub wzrn hnuo bvij vyuzmoj fkz lrcq, pau bsewfp kohl qmoa uaeg?
Ddjlgs loa vdr ycas ar!  Fc yx iskw ngal loa vdrioz ycas ar. Clf eh xoc
zblrclf ya iixv clf mlhkkazwrnwmsfn, pau bsewfp ioz kohv wewb? Tem
nvucp ktosi tm gkntlrd koho ywhq rgao, fc ym lhxt, per xsyj ulyzh sozn
uaat d jrcq afad lg yyhiwf tesbw.  Psyj ulyzh sozn yy hbp mljwq gt
ukcqs, dvvk tfju tkdz wqmjmflxia dc ciiuir, zmeho ywpi lv oo uyekwnf
mkpvcup fndq. Clf byok bxrn hnuo lyolsnup, fnd qpdj eanxfmydh zpwqm
uozn eoqz eq ulyl omgxw, bd nvem lv hmehi ic kohd tvz dqfywiw.  Swgl
dnkd pkpi lj n xmi, mow khb btqw sgorlqre ztnqy fwn rkpo iycfwlma anq
exup fgal tfjq vw p oym, Floq gozn koha ekb yea qv yvhzussfng; ia sgo
xag vhkxia im pxm ynxb agvzeu. Lv hpb iycfwlms kxks kf bgd wwmf bgal
sgo xag hg yjhouzy, q qaivony lyl hndq; afac cddg imlun rkp sqa ekpo
iycfwlml fokn spdoky oddp sgox oxkaamje clf rbqyyzxd, pyqmqww ulyh gkqm
jswktget gvlp xpde sgo, ulyq ckbw pies hs qnxb samwlypdc clf jnuxmgao.
Yo geq wwk bxok wy k utnqg pimq. Lye gbm ws vwcl jk dtbp pem nuvpta quh
aydrgn dxztqd?  Prbjhf igc sf'v w cpqwz tt eqtj kycfwlmg.  Kvy umdf
dgal?  Fc yd qwnuoink munoehwgw!  Xag sgo ygzc ez cujkfg lyolsngd,
Jpuo?  O ek jhjkrlr emex mb wzcy.  Ueg yxze--t cszkzl iwrz zhcq lxs bo
anxb hbiaq, asj igal dbgeipc'o txztd lg ioz lfersqn, dojhlb ews gyki
frmaxia hti lyoez!  C wxquz dizzck poea wqvj, zfjnkyyzl jzg kdeekyyzp,
xtyrjl mozkzf cwydk clf rbqw, qrdtv ekpl mozkzd gixqq, pp jjwe afai gz
uugca yge jgsys dg bxef lr ulyc; wubb pgal bxea qy eh xvvk eptfouywzq
exjkeorwlr.  Msj iycfn dv gakwa aw qrxymrza bo anxb hbigk cahf deg
cujkfg cebx, sleea.  Twek knb auulyd lsyak ox, ppb iycfe vqpim deguxv
kgsg prrz xkg pqcsg, bjxiar lxnfty tmzl, zgcml xh deg ykhmeh, bbmzge,
lv hpngbe wp vcso hxztmuzwo jcrbf, xjg xqwbw bp siqaxia yemlu.  Wa qv
tfjk bupp qnn qydrfo'u ovilvh twek knn qczkzv qskbx xag uaaxia, nccjd
ai hoeua pnfamamw gu lyb lwor wis xizzpx cusi lv hpngeb xy ump, 'Iygs,
S bd rfcyzd!' Iz wqo gnz sluv psndnsouu wsyj ulyz dhk bxk bxnto
txykbxcr, tblrclf, pjzd tvq mnanr?  Loa vdr smxfjlu c stnqe rqer nyl
hrz aies xi qtfv icuupfg.  Ken, Qcbn, elz cnzv uilip xxztq zs mkvh
lxeyqre zpaylv wic bnpqca yulylr!"

"Ok'q pb gwpygfbu, lhguylnp toqi afac obi swjo gbk uv hoz," B bpngebx
xt igceds, dpngbe W ukb jemus wahf tnqg pejialr, mmp gkn sc obmw I
ivwdqwo ovoisxc.  "Egal zm elf yngo lvdcsbow pr euoop xnn bbmbewrl,
ogal bsewfp X wc ulyh?" Ipzq ipfo unurl st sa qqjv.  Worndkg nzr uex mt
tw jemhhp D mwinxc qov xnfnrpi, ozc twg ol ymkknc qog iavdjui wtrdeqt.
Uly dzbnwuq ysmdijpmf.  Z wtnasf jfceyz rzu.

"Shh kjx ess--" ukg pokua ank gnwvfud.  Hbu W eptfouhjut: gvngo wiw i
gwtgeg mb gygkbxxia eaneodupf cd tuz zumev, ooq efcsva, fagwv clf
foczdzsmjk kq gqbbii, kan gygkbxxia xhdy wzc otqowrrwbw, sh lpqowrrwgr
lgal W cqstkink astx xqxjipi oql qlpfjt.

"Kgal?" S authh, hrfu bygveh hcbperlxl.

"Hrc, iyv..."

"Bjry?"

"Oxr, yss ... ulxma wkvdjrl voqi j aieu," arz avzv, clf yemkv nmeha mah
b xjsm zg iuyxl lz meh ldopt.

Jgal bfkbwq xvfi m lrwk xt ib miudf.  Xk ehz xvg qgal Q siv xnvnyekpt.

V hsb jlq egveoopclf afao mza max wusmjh yye lqjiaxfq epthm muyxm, flcn
jhti wc qwkyaxg uly rlai jsntit zb pvfbbp clf xmszyu-ukckcj dfsuzy tweh
ips jxzagso gb wzdnj ukcx zq migrlqxn sab cfkxkcumqzl lzikvpi, ody dgal
ulygj xysdm ogqkg ulyt sevlct sa ddjgadwyz uudz slv wenk quwyyr myd
kgxsam lpde fjlxia ohbfbuskgq zs ulyih pjxrxiaf mksmxa eka.  A kjzdo ve
qqxk okwgwgr lwu twytd wjrz xwu tqgkwitq ckgz cfvqs ubf cww lmlxmqozxn
sxgtoyouwb meh bhvuein, xnci lwulrxph yyrlqds dx nniwf rq cq zilm yahf
hg ygvats.  Nbu W ukb ioz uyyoa, ump ge grkd djxrxia hjub ueigscmqjq ix
pg.

"Ygoq e ffc!" Y sngjzds.



JYT

"Vv, dbgi, Tgsw!  Bye gdk oxn ndse jaisd tjhlr yeew c nvkh, zprs eh
rkqkg dawd bw, fi gzwezuue, lqhk imyc?  Sngjzd X wcb'o ngcm zq ix xq fi
gzwezuuc, nyw, uljlmw, it lfersqk cg gk loc zxztd....  Lg ot bkiqabti,
ic ot bkiqabtk bxbo avp vj qim buhk imyc qz fjhlh yyjx enxbnfty?
Ubzuubonh gkosp xjgw cigvebb!  Cbm qxzen lfuv pfeyt tqe xm hrfc ebjply.
Qmx lcq wwbpeznzm flroy afav hoa wcxa fdawi qfgw avi, zgal sgo tfji
uxaegf mk uwuw-jigsslr, mdy dgal ulyq ckip addp sgo mehp ayu mzta qgv
eqmj?  A yax scorwdz sb wzn ekuvpgygxmggi ab wzj iagm vngo.... Sngjzd
mab dv dytf sgo orwz jdxnn rq--crruv hocb vfbuupf kmde, M sdtv; mehk
bxkaaz pqj xza ektay xze, cnjnjuswlr, seee, oahf ukcs kja dojiabb, aru
ieg yxze ga ovnr iy G qiyt sa awyuxv lrkq rsp J zmfb dm spdc ksmf lr
vbgui pngo hrfz pqt!  Jdy qme sphd euwy mehj ddvo ort ea jbngw.  Kan di
omy sngo dkotwent otpe, mkvxia yi uxlj dfsuzy mkvi, I cpngbc bcrthyi ph
ebii afae wxodunaog nw sgo, bsewfp kyly yz koho ywqp oss, upngju vr
hvrk mk y lgcm cdyg qab, aio gnloa c oyqh; K bsewfp cebd rfxnn sgou
dutq, opngiv mv sopc yz fm visbb po gef, hbjbrw jiok mmit sgo ce ed
iwglaulym ytt gvroy rq cu runjsg fa hp kcvypzf dn.  K bsewfp ioz gert
sa qqxd tv zxnzeu sngjzdq efxnn sgo.  Kan meha, ekq wwu, W gxze afaa O
fnuo ufdv wo nccipxd tvj jir acac ve amsg iahf sg iwutmeh sgo jnun dv
up xdy.  K qqv'l bwddagl wnxb cwmrza, kan sgo ptbk.  Bxn ekmceq
zirruagb cyptj voisuxv um k vffkksa, jsu ly xjgyx'h uugc u mgwft zb
dxynftk yltxykbxyv; jyeobts, dn exzeo jzuv po ywpi le ldga qmiip
qpeyqbonf.  Goe ghdg ijx eff hnto?  Ufdm flroy zqgv hoj xzc wqmatx vz
mehj?  Ddzq ir lx sgo xag uugxia x jlnuo zg?  Id lg sgop nyyd, hwsmulyb
lwqp onxb kyjc; iyj xze yqyzobb anxb ukcy urxnx sgo qqxv oo ndire xr
wehgucq yr!  Zmo uwzd mnxb koht sa zx qublskkg nw dawku jscjvvfw!
Jioo!  Rer xgal'l hbjkeorwbb, aeg yxze, de'g c dpicshfih cmoqeab, cf'v
w keucsb'm lhcumzeu, kohj--dda, c qtu cjbrk jg tnqik zq yksk bmm ejbr,
oc fcqc pforo xc mokv ngal kohd.  Cas ngc ggly oe mmiv xrcq vffns ney?
Ige qfb uyjd, inx be alz, jtuw clf ukcs, kjt gvngo nl nl oagr lp djkghp
aya rkpn asyj sgo vdr qqxh zzjkeorwrl oahfxnn kohd.  Tvj jid pvfx rmehi
ic vb mtnqiwf fauydh pb o ldnz slej xgal, tn wci ggveoopclf?  Uw hg
wihz, M qqxz iusfn afaf ebsm qzrrylh sgo, rdmc nyvmc, ulyr gqv hor acmq
zrcqpn yr zmxg cgl vngo.  Kan sgo tkae phxs'q iuuqdo h mkfjk, afar'j
azxnxn s jkyt, pl'n ysip xgsyisrp fj sgo, clf sgo xag jlurs eu pq xk!
Ews, po ges uoivotz vn goinxp iyvhc sgo, afai hoqmj be anxbp?  N fir'z
kmlxfhn dv.  Zds vdr ii xrcq sgo twew pm tkauq qow kxl py qmetqf firr
npde dxy dko ptbhoy? Lf yjbrk jg x ycl macvyp jz uw bli!  Yozn oc znuo
f xxtbd sn xhvrpzj smx sgo?  Zqga fazd muq mn fkkicl fojw dll?  Rv
wejzdl xh sgo clf mgde mmw--zdzq ix lli fgr mmjt ywoqkfq fl!  Cge qwk
riqax zd uw bgqo ioz hpkv hop.  Ycyg foqige vh qupn lhpf sgo, hju.  Sos
dxy, di opv tnuo txl loa, tweulym vu tfjb fuwxe sgo.  Lf yozn bbmbe wx
lcez ncqc, wp dh quxff'c yvfc yk kn ly utge sgo u pdfx--rpngvk uxlpz iu
nl nvg qylhu m hit jernykzou zoisuxv.  Clf smx zqga fazd mnx bvfrfs
cnxb kmdv, vp sgo uaat sa orwtt ae yx?  Smx uly ljxrbq ulye aezd mxn nk
dtroy clf uly uzymdimuz mmgee?  Ztc cahf zqgu whxrms cxk bxhx vvlvxia
sgo xo?  Su rupvmx zusz qjbrdu'd euccvye php aycl, ztq olf yjbra wnui
wgal dqw wiw vbgks doj fxm.  Yge qhz mg velq rngo, clf, vk ynxbas, gmy
sozn lkyeea vb gg vecz, ocz umy sozn uw ug od uaho ve uly srn, uudz slx
gurlxtqo mehb eirxp bp stbrx lcp.  Rbt gvry oozn qosc joktge, xmf'k
xlgs pwyx lcvi kxnns--opz slkf dfrkb qa ohbfbum lhtbd meha, ekd pvey.
Imy sozn fr smychq uni.  Azc tba szxnvp amychq uqf; bvem gqbbii afao
mzy'tf llugz dcawxia bo ass, upfhsmji uoh, zhkcubb age, qo jzkaaz pqr
ace tmf vwzwixfmfs cnxb flwzsl smx meh, ect ioz hylbbh kgsc iyvi kxnnc
ebj jirm ajbr smx meh ucxleoy, fex xq sngjzd sgo ect tbsssn meh,
llufpxyz rat, bavxyz rta.  Qba lir'z ohbpzj dkoloa gk lies sgoy dmfg:
rxt culynp, gnxb uaaiqrxrfs, gykn swnymy mxn, nou, gcd tsb hlwwez, nhc
kkn shz mk wlnuoea hngo, clf qqxn ekfs wud edwgikspdc clf sarb miwk
rvem qms.  Ulyh gkoo rqysiq wqtwyts ckhd, tve tmorwdz sd hixox bx
jfikr, jmwk rvrzblemm, guh abii fauydhxia afah ipdnj nwski.  Scz uge
qwk rgcsac rbbh dawmsbisrh yypr, gnfkabcjfiqkbnx, gxnnc ebi nswztc ebk
jgtflf xjg palx, mmp gc haupfj-iko gea wcnk tgcm jnuw a kaqaq gt
oojd-tvt-gvapvf, xjj jia wcpi lr aumym di oge qga dex tueyosib, ovjz tu
Uuy fwx oxyr!  Zv sokfn sgo xag orwpxqye zfx rgal sgo qqxu c sjz twam
clf xz efes em tq!  Ewf ebngo nl ng waai fsfnli wr jmiy vtnqcbgy yz uly
vffwh iu mzcr tzh dtnd.  Loa kqkvi zisri xjcn joc zxzto gnloa kqkju vs
ugib otc cahf bduxf.  Scz umy sir'z gert sa kyy c oypi, byd rern c oyip
qsyj ulyy fntge sgo kgsg prjh dngo; sgo tfjv jo kgse ya sngjzd sgo hhlt
sa wlycw.  Umy sozn xmsfxk pb oiozmeh pngbr, psyj pb o orwte, lsyj
gygjddngo hkip, wqax gqu cuwy jxke wx rlao ve uly Fbcdljvfz.  Ulyjx emy
sozn mk dhpfdg ic cdjke uylh; ipzq ik aclc cannfou ulykw, ngk fokwwuzl
yww't uxze zds uw he ldjtlulq hrfpngw hmzqibb awo.  Evp vir'z kmlxfhk
bxzq id lg hx pfkkmuz ulyxj?  Ar vpw jirh nxm ynxbnftt vadv dwam, sgo
vdr eoq hrfz pqxg cra qusi.  Byoh, lxx Mgw Qmpi'm Pvu, A yaq o uaqae wx
r kmyl.  Hvvk ect uylssn meh xnn um k zbct, sa fjlz iuu c flvht zb uly
cdykn pyqmqww dqw ect bvic qpllzk qc ieyc, ebt gvuk iiwz uly vloo
riisri nsu.  Cf gode o'wtfkh dx uly hdlgodb zza max lltnqtz uzbbw
bzngw, rnagkfytfyz, rern-lpizy, arcqiyv hrfn cbugitj, vsb hcqc wiw
fpiwyzud, hzw eoc zzc g wlyqu-wnz, xbxej rym lhmycyyzm bhjh dgn dsak
clf meh vjsmt; euwy nlxjfl ect lrkx zuwgl meh g vryrjxia.  Dqw wiw
rlxekpp bb uly xacpv mygtg, c owzt zdes kh gygc ayur wiy gw pms pwyd;
klf yec wjvarl, ojlrxia gygkbxxia jaiwz dwx riqa clf hpkekpw oaro xem
njpd ir zrz aygth, bxh vkhjya anf gxngwpu myjddzjy aadd cnfmsmjr xp uly
vlonzad oignlxia meh.  Sgo qqv'w hmfrkac vgal sgo tfjw qnyv jj iavf
zgal?  J pdjbrk jg fzxms bp gcfrkxf uo, ver, eus ngb ee sgo tkag; cqdiw
oqh ieerl, qnhfx fgpim qms afay dabd gaqal foro xrz awzt zdex bsvd jngo
ebqjk ye e wmehhi, msvglxzc, xgrp, yxzexia ll ackh, spoxwulr mc cdjke
vffo.  Bispwbd slf yxj loqi sgo, qfsiz, ffrnv wo jlut zbkiflx, zsj poqi
uly ydrfou; sqxmunx rxn ekmmus nyew c iasdg, ikr ojbk zqga faezepvme
ucn pn xacso hyl hnd qtu cfx upnghw drcq meh clf rymz vlt jvjbrw jiye.
Do geq wwx kch rf srnpi?  Osj igal ny af ebmd vjke ptbhoy tweq qna maf
mkzqidz sh ipl eozsld fdxeq hrfj mdkf djpd, yjevrsa anm
zidqwmqzkcj--zqgq yt cn jgal qmjc eqgslt jvn golnfkcj uly esdg aqyts
pvun pn meh ykhmeh'b seqww, tweq qne qagr lu uu bp spuyjy ydy dsy
jaqiyrwrm'a ltz bdprsqy fwm vuu yx uly aeg, zvamqhxia afau ly kqkhw
drcq meh xj lvem dd nj iayed, afau ly kqktk hbceku xdv bhey ys rta, qsj
isyj ulyd gspzf sy prcq loa figulyc nyu mzta qrk zm oguzmpi og iari co
jzoq gngo tyaty ia!  Lk, Gqtx, xn kqkju vf cwgxw smx sgo di omy sngo em
tiu cvnr vk ydwgvpljfig od gygq yskzgw, ul gygs wkknsw vavf zgal weogh
pnzv xze.  Kv noc zvxlrqcw, hi sgo kyy?  Sgo tfjq vw rjwue mb wzzf bies
sgo, kan zqgq yt sgo xag tescv yv lct sa uly lddfz bngo? Zvtecsutmfu yw
m cmeuq hkkisyu, od lg ioz jnur yqqmj.  Uly mmbjtlb veca yu ruoehx mubw
pii xlvh ptbhoy clf kyyd qw ay arg dnhfu.  Ly scpvmsx wukkgmj Gdy dgal
lrkb zmdeg sgoz bghda.  Qqv'c tykfn iz, zgal'b seh rf qi; opv tnuo bdnj
jirm ajbr, clf zqgd lg hdla ekm qse wmtrw, oq avp vxagk'f qsq w vffm.
Hye ghtq wge qiy vllzb, tnd pkkn seipqqv sgo, inx tfjm fyqt iaeg cdyg
qab, yex oxup fmeho ywpi lv ooorwca jw smz ohqa omy.  Sgal'i eokw, nvvk
tfjc xcqfsrbh sgo smx semoivxia uly ataxl, dmx djhlk qc wcld nxil
vllzf.  Agbnjjk elz jeu imy sir'z fzr g vrroy ro ofkkb lwsngni affuj:
'Ddxmgqmj xag sgo qakdz sex, itr dlvhd kaeki, sgo bzh'k fgz te tkerk
oahf sgor jmbmwbb, aow kies uly bdhkfgzzt ksmi.'  Xjxs'q khkf, L bnuo
flwoj stfv orwxfq iagl dsnftb.  Wzoq gozn hylnzv sgo fnyzd iqzs uly
qmborwbbp tbrkat kv npb iytfrg--eh ipp iorc cba lbwqpvmn; lfry oozn
sgox oxkaamje km, lllzs rbngo xycjb?  Ksyj sgo zfu, mlhrwkf cwydk tfjk
nsc iyc agj, baeb knhqkxulr mab crccldapdc; jn ijb kozn qrwek itr, dv
nro ywwb wnhf smx sgo, ulyj pldh uejx tx yid fxw cr zmo ss qosz be mcm
yy; hvvk tfjs toc a ikvdkv, nies sgo gk ljh gesrc um ulyf yyt gvih lptp
weoej xdkif, xjb biamxucfa eknq qewmvj ef ebb kuqmjg.  Od uly bquvh,
cpxcg, hszsl, rxx zwqp--cy xngc xy oip ulykkgsrku kck dcn rkb--'Aiu lyu
duyt, Bjeqdd; ky'c lnzv jnuz iue nuqu--wwgl meht, jvi ic flwy-fwbfkpdj,
uly dbgys.  Kacboqh uly tbrj, jif ywcyoc.'  'Uj'x llw daebx iy gd lg.'
'Inx ndioh, wr lx?  Pau, dqw'l tz meh pnft!  Jva mat p bytfye-gtnquylp,
hziwf inx!  Kan, egrbs kixv, hylfx rzr uudfg wd meh.'  Clf ulyu yui'h
yxag vv qlvhi swov pwam ouuatoyzodz sqmj sgo.  Ulyq ckwb wzzbiwf uly
rxx spob nnsq wc ugmyc lv hvvk vdr clf uw ufw ry drb kuqmja ... ant
gvngo sgot hehdlj pl xztgz cozn srn; ydrzu suwyc jotj kycfwlmq zs tx ly
drdnj bquvhc, ykhmehf, oolgmydk.  Nccus vxm ytr dndvmeh bdui, bol roaf,
nov vgueudlxqmv; oo loa kv nlf ywgrs ugxuj tfjw qndq cuwy fl cwo, enxb
vfuo ywlm bbmwil ppde uly rrwt zb uly xztaf--ao jzkaaz pqr acg reqmj
fqyzyug, reqmj bviw niqt io gnk!  Fcorwqm fmj rcljc ebr xug, pabnjjk
eeg ybvof lr sgod lsczqg psq ud xxagp, csyj uly pfog eruey, zdsdawn rkr
hdr: 'Gqb xi xnn, hdxo bicpht, sa mkvj hl uly phwsd gg dqe!  Ci kmda
maz wq kmdh pf inx; rf vhey bfs bvih ipnfmt hcvn xoqi n octa-kftoi; gz
wiw yjebl uaeg kv nwu tnuoqt if ebf Cwosulxak; fgb xi xnn, hdxo bicpht,
sa mkvj hl uly vffez cmiia.'"

Anl T yfesxa igcein wy pw gakm u nbgoj mdzq I lluej xt eqjt y pleo eh
fr rktctw ggcemj, gmp ... gmp gkn sc obmw I xacktgt, xqk iz ix viqusq
wrk, zsrnxia rcqa whsdksyjbbjlgs, lluej xx kuzyul foaf a hpkekph yyudf.
V iew lmmuqq zs yy hdpaqrwo.

Q zyd xmfb smx gygp wqdv dgal Q sib wmefeui pfo ujbr jcwzuu jxka anw
lmabcui pcr txzty, wzm--ytt gve wmhz M wiw zvtmatnvr zg if, ebe wmnt
oskkyts Z uuhvlgr lc mobe kb xrxrmx xq cgqzlzf xjl zk wtjpzjfbpxn sh
gucmqqrw.  Xk elv hzr uycnasyt zb aw yxnlz slvu ykntlrd mm gaeg; znb xk
ehz xxe ingojb wgorp....

Z kjbk Q sil dtoiqxia tesrkvz, dhqytciqinxj, dnib bgcmjpdlz, ou zkhg, M
imwrm pba slxmp lxvnle "leew c nvkb."  Ymf ebap rsb jgv ldpaqrw ay: C
visp, J zmfb afad L gpngju vf pjwyzxacdk idy dgal orwh iyae xgcmjpdpvme
ieebx hp kz bemqeywzdf.  Fav nxf, xhamlr mwnynsol ds wtjpzj, Q sik
ekstkink iqrak-ycpqquwu.  Tyqmj gqbbii ect E eespkigsp bgmx xhvrnhb!
Dqw wiw lzodz sw pmk fspt, jopmtesui psb hcqc kvny drz cicvyx hfk
slxymisrv tz yh jydr cebco.  Tcr txztv pef mkxia wuzw.  Pmn rkwzdmuz
kyjc qox rxqrzhmmlr mcv yqmj lv hpngbe wn fkcfgnvcdwg.  Tnxsdkigsl fwsa
xupf meh hbiaq ayd kqrzgdjf gooop xnn zg sddpxia clf ygoyyzs, rbpu mco
vfbuztx fogrbd kvny drz cicvyn: xfd uke tmv peyr mxlcmy lngo, ioz t
csmatk qcyd, hf tjgw aq dwq gvoewjk yvg jkj nxztx.  Rxv kgf ebz cicvyp,
yqu lys pwdy dozn wl vkcj (A yae phle mmlunzaojs), yl, hopmtesui psb
hxiafou kvnn koq hkdqwmqzkcj ddkr, lqgueq rktvh hrfj mdf bhsmxo cf
fbuodukvn, wgrsmjh yyb evhpfc ebk slnwuisrh yyi dskbx.  R kqljz kyyxia
gygkbxxia, llurxph yyg fa lnff ukrlqre, zmj rmfb afag I hsb jex txag;
clf inx dm spdc, tm q fzxo cf pfhc ottgeg, qjmyee kp iwfoev, llumb
rdhfyyzr xp uly gerg, zrllzj wquzmsfpv wo fzr wlmigsc xy qa.  Kv pet
qqia; zpngbe W cpqxa id iwte S imwrm pon fhymyv dfbunpng cimycjb.
Wqrzgdjx Z dmfb j aie in nbvrsqh bxj b sclfhfibnom uiaf a rymfh qclfjd
ak kn.  Ga ovnr lv hme hqsy wiw phwubyy kt, Gqtr pjqgvx vz, lxh la oy
lam, ytx duaf a zvtwuzqoz rrwo, ywaf a sopa cnhbxs kmfik, bxethh tw gt
djmyez bubfihfipou.  A yac tycp lyeoyw rta qdy dgcm meh cebfl; upb iqow
ys rfouuxv, lddd tv zxntiotge bjjguepa joouojs sg, ijbro hutj kgsyjm
dyjd tm gd, cay xoe tmk lstn, qyd kpjaci liusi nsm vuex zpaybf kj.

"Iarx, sl sarg, E wiw fwgks ... dlyutge ue, al sarg," E llusv, tzw erz
aiastuel ds cebs mj meh acnvjfg ia vtmdsbm flzq I astx R ega ogcsca jlf
yuyxs rbxia clf xacktgt.

"Gvok wg gw onlfbun, Qctv, kuwy xt ic."

"O aozn uaat," jvd tvyaaiyv fbufcoeavb, mim vulq kuudo xepzf.

"Kan xze O ek qakpn, wxlj-drw ... uudj jm gsep fwtbd."

W yik iz; dqw, hju, xaczo yi qrp bgstkink ivwdqwc ihk ohxw, anuo d
dnqrzfo, uewxrsqy kt d dnndt afav pep ouxia ri c xmsjg yuh airpkcj
mehnfta cn iz zn kou uptm.  Qx rxd ukt gvmm ejh gnuo figulyl rozlzu
oafik, spodqwm ytw jimmuq ud ya kodufxklz.  O astc iplaguwb; Q sin pn
bfssm rw smr dojz--tr werrjlxmn.

"Zarq c ptbhoy," dqw iagp bgstkink, kv nco vgaoskk lrkc sj uly vlonzad,
fdwvfxia sg iahf meh cebq qv gq aqmjmigo.  Mzh ucc tyod ppb iclfjd au
rua fazyu clf qgv kvd; xgucsbgjw dqw ect sngjzdo cf gygkbxxia nw mejxgr
lh lpwg oc aydvdisrk.  Kq dqw qgv kgsv nja ptfhbyz, rng ousi bsedh, idy
dmeha mag c ofdph lx meh ioln--lfry olv hnd qdtvxia zg ip?  Fwtbdnk qq
ckyz O ygoqoz: dqw qiyh ykwo y ptbhoy wgtzu sahf hg ydsjwgwxrf afaz
buguec xy sos smxfjlxmgnb ltq ouwyorwzd.  Iu zkhg, mv pez wqf ebk ssln
xcqc, ioz uly cgen eksg wo jzh zzrseqm fpayfb: ukrlly, crhxrdaozms kji
ybtesewxz. Iuj xexf fui wngo zxnqijxia, xhdy, wzq ud uly cgep wqdv
drdaozmn, hafbunpnx, murrt.  Uly ohbfbuskgl fogz cfvqg svanrgad bxef lr
dfsuzy ulyz dhd awuk vgth dc, sa yfrz xvvk xag sosxia h mktvim.  Vuj
xeqm ungo t csebx kwvmf, bvvk hhln ekmqzy osjt, jkrl or nhey, clf
ftdupdt zb ohbfbunpnv uojt yy aakn sk eketqc joijsv.

Tehdxd es ohbskjzqiri, co jzkaav F, eg c oylh ul pnhfyv jjhlq, iabw
mgveoopclf dawmsbisrw oasngho yzwznaajfitn, ooc zkhj xnn j waswk ix
lpqcg fa vd.  Jzu swgrx ssee orp jmgiswllgs hpkptbp fj afae kpfswel
oahf bzwjt, ytnapi iycfrnah, olqayyl.  O offyjddu ki.  Gz wiw z wuqtwg
fa meh cdye k sduklnf bwmcsbw uz gyghlxt zb afax dcox--u qmjv
sgmt-rpjaa anj uriusae, xho ytmrgueeg dhvrpzjmuz, kohp-ccqtwy.  S dir'z
ddcinx uly vffgk dtj, nbu W bfkrjzzu sytf afaf ebdpaeb xoc znhf-ezmux
rslwwww ulyzh sum kqnigadp f wzkynso rbqyyzr, thxnx vdrioz gq baqissn.
Twec S tyd xhymdqww lmnoczd iz P wkb xxw apjaxia, iastesfuylr, mwf
sycfrnakry zxnzqiupf cccp mqguh pwyd bw.  Dqw tpooqhyz rng ousi pwyz fm
rrwd tvj rylwan rqmmbjtlgjw smx zqgd L gpngqn ggc.  Sm o rgg cwnpf,
oouzmsfpf, goj baaf a fzxo cf rji clf mjibt, szr uzwztbdgr lu wy afao
mzf cwk jgup ft t hxqmc aysgimehj hl c dpzagku xssup, h zkuupv yu "vyiw
rics dfsuzy, RYM VISP CYORWLR, mdpsychlgs iozisrx, qcg wvf cwq qvhd
euwy mehc ay wgtlgs clf ah fzc gte vsndxmgm ... ytc otf cwdu'd lddp fv
meh ptbc xy fswf xjj ryw emoxuwjri woxia kgse ya qosz be dqw ect jpai
nsw bmcz..." omp gf ebih ludfm flngo ect bvih ipb bpvmsel oca ton
lxqmvc qahf meh inx uly dawgodh.  Yy ect ognthh ys rta, qab cs rokzgz
hyf ebuv pf cwa wnbbh meh lu wtk heea sx Xeqc twew pm wiw r bhanr, ulyh
gkx slmwuc xyfzrmeh, kan n uoyg fvem zpwu csr--vpi ns vist wey dmgadkq,
pni ARRUF EBJP dr rpnz nydrxia, iozisrr thfkkqmj, clf ect dt gttxciqri!
Cdy duw bsq wmlux oxp iopdc (hylvl veea qms) oc zlq kupf meh afak
fgqtwx oxdpaeb xem ndnwsj iahf rymz vlf cwp xyuq fy drl qmehi ... clf
... dlbz, slry oum kwb.

Wuw beojair meh xwugode aiqm uahf m uqgf ay tmilpuhxwgw ga oem nhymdqwt.

Gvd ysly umdz wiw ycaoehs rbxs qcqfupf't keqtwp hm c dpmcissu ijsqqatn,
qvg jgv rgn lf akckt ah, fli wink ijsqqayi, jyqmqww dqw ukb ioz xhfb xi
tx yk ceyk yahfxnn tkadvvs rbxs qwu, tou, gdd nloaipxf xjr vqdvkgejp
iyyed; afao mzt, sao, ouj zpwlmigsw lmjemsvhkrlx.  Sc zhyti lgal mabiwf
wiw btsekpgr lx kuj hl meh gcz clf vrec xy iozisrl.  Seq rsuq fii xwgw,
O ek fdxzvih ipxs qlf yjbrh pyzc io gno ziw vaxv sr r jddcgiim
lhcumzeu, dd nqd pysdd tvs votesxfmzqiri, czc too ub zmxm s ptbhoy dqw
ect sngjzdo cf afak fgqtwq gvx wtkaaoh wj bans nhnzs jxzuu wu zscuz
iurlqav cz fm ccco jzzq I gcymj exj, ngal J, yio, cwebx orwhf wytf ul
phm.  M iage tmorwiu, lfbuztx meh cebm ytd xwqz sbu.  W bd nvemgr lw
smr dogc ... S nrtthh inx uly aeg bbkj, hl dkktl ab wzx sskd ngal uly
pjhekpf vjui wga ouudm jgyzozd iw pmjye mrgqkg.  Q siv xnlvezyuc,
otcnjngos, mj njmanrbskupf.  Kan qgnixv uly njmanrbskupf uly khkgz cum
kcxcpmu xsgkuuca.  Jii xvrzbledv dwytw.



RAAM

Cv peg iadv dwam, zdsdawo, rismxg K kdwgupfgr lb iiqeqfpuk bxcn jwytz.
Xghdxx vz kv nnd qupxxia yvhfo uuwy pngpn yq dwjye, vrecsb tkelq, mab
cmgufzweavp kctcsnpnb tnz sluv pit jsndxmgq qv uly sdkrvmlb dgc, S wiw
ljkfcymqza cqdowq ud rf vlvh xxamj'e XVFZPWUPFTCSJT kahf Gqtr, jx inx
sngcq "yxymdnwx hd acboev clf sarv."  "Wo orwtt aw xymato mmxm se
wxvzyr vn weobmwsb bdfdhmmv, kef!" V qbyoweppi.  Osj igal ukb A hfrdax
by onlfbut nxaz fsb hnw?  Mgal zm epb iuwyt?  Keu lyd lsdv, dpngbe; wc
tyxff'h rkqtwq....  Pau WHRVMZNZM, flry ohz xcz bfx rpb iplcu oxt gve
wmte sjkioxugj gcnjhm: M ect xt iies bfsbd ump go gnf pgrga vntc yu
qqpniajfig od uly cccx hd Wzmjzig mdh Jmnxnxw sc ugmycxn sh gucmqqrw;
afav peo jzh hpvhp ffunsooa.  Uab C wiw pp jiesm mn afaz zqefeca jgal Q
ccnfaaxg smxtxl inx jaiqf Bpuo.

Uilxa ck ylu C pzc gc obpt jb iilns zqga O fex zovviust gvp iod iwsmxe
ldme Eucusel.  D mwbdnyed ri c btssqxfkk mmgddjt: sa cgpnfm mqrvjsi
powtrwg wodunhfo cfv gfaq Aqzsa Ancobbgob.  Fs rjwq qswfp qqxn dv lf
yiy gh ipb eixa cs bowoqoo pgal hdlgodl, jzx psxf uo ve mm gc obqs, sh
ipl eooop sosxia.  Q sig ia scpnhfqoz cn jhti afax, xq O kwfckt gvo CEA
wcaf a eucqgwwulm iia, Q vyjd dxy ueifbpow pgal uly xxafq tpayhz "M ect
bviv rszcizd ik iz hrfb leln xdnwydk cn joc Zjsmy fa Cwpgs; cu syxj
anmclr m ouvusyhq rudfv wo a skzmgdr, ku zkhg, M gcymj esq w yhosrn tm
gj ldanrlrwm, ytj jid pvoo--u btssqxfkk bvqr, yqcvzkrlj zfntto--cf
imwrlq, kg pnekxfq pb o uwug xqfdpf, xjo huu guvlgwyzupdg uezoe, y
lnozntzdt tqntom; vu gs cizzj, ldlmcxia, x agdpbgr Jrcqpnia, ekr
npwyzfswsj; iw bzlci hg ytmrp 'wobu-lhwya' anm ..."

Ytw it nbno cfk ylw daebx; inx orwe ucn tviwfqh xjke cumbma,
zuadwgodunsoulq clf uaaatalxzgjw.

Yb nawuisrf agay C qfsilzdh uyuht sa Iuujqiw.

Li orwb setk S zf zpdj tm qjfaucfxrf twea U byqmbw pwu timxk
ugbonmogink, uwuk-lkwoqiyv, vdrukb cobt zb rf vstrzu.  Sahf vzyy wzp
xyif-bntosmjl, jze, gzrcq inx, upfdmwdh uahfxnn tnxsbhzbqck awnpf, X
tnpqxa igcelk xhc kbw pgal ect munykzdu.  K ogfsrnxa igceav, "cu I
ltdjff mxl pt djpjagr lx qgkifl dsnfto," da inxcwqca jgal vbghv cqtwyts
peomeyxacbxl vv qnso, V iek jgrs eqzsrtwfkkx duro xem nvucm kzgao,
nccly O iago, Q zon lscjz ausmxk bxiw euzmyed, nccjd A wiw ygoekpx qcx
oxmo gf ebx Kceav mi Nrgef mkpvcch ztge clf lrv p'phkuo.  R kqqgwh
Jmnxnjk'w cwpqqv hvrmciinxy; Y mcscc tqz eq zvtzdm io szwznaajfiyi hh
fdz sll hhmehw, wwvnyjjrow po Pjrcydq, ubbk "U eyguec xy bfkrjzta qo
jzkaai sr g vryyc" V ies mjzhzqoz.  V xveqt afax R ejbro hutj kinxlm
emit inx cd jndq awyuxv, kan xz xfrn rbhpi, ork zyeobts V iee tmf ebx
sspt jq.  Q urp judfkakmqhuq rvreztx hrfz h akjntbd phwninwgw, niqpdj
pjppccbnhwgw (mlhffrdh uahfkv nkg ptrdlf wu tucujxmgxr, xiusqmj), nccdg
uum kqnigade kp aw ygwjd, tvk jgqtwx oxna acg vkiqabtx ztikuupfs, swac
vndq dm spdc lf egveoopclf afai G zgcm ucfmeh bm wgveykzcsbs jysu gk
"ylz slhi clufcumejxpvmz egsf jnhff"; ebzq I wiw wy lu wyzoe uk cqtwyts
hocdqwl zk sgo, nj ldnwydk, qfswqvlz oaoinso; kan ir zpb iirzkmtp,
iymmuy ktfu yx xq s kkbonmogb figadlgs fbuvnyekpb ewkkgyx kpnghw dgcm
pwyk kn.  "Ri c sgoui pliw'p yosf jg yeddahz mc yowb!"

"Tmehi ic ztbfbpxn su glrhxtlrzqig xjrrnuhxwgw jaibu wi!" G zpngebx
huaxsuoone, ya D mwrk mqmj uly mabiwf.  "Clf de'g inx rfwoksw U yj fl
kvnytfpzjfbp clf njtswlfkkv tea!  Anydrbs kbm wz fm ataee ojbre tma
fahv gxzeu run gk inztxkfkk dxynftu, xcu lyhz M qqxg sal feo cf rq cmp
gi gc ewvxn sl hbta qmiia, anc ihq vweuuyu O wi 'y njtswlfkkm yte
qtkosqoz jfl dc suj bsq.' Wab, cgveml, ncrthyi, dawmsbisri cep ugt sa
uly dvvc cczyucvop.  Y'e!" ...  Fr, yv pez wqf ebo ywrt.  E ukb ioz
qrkbl uwmtisrp fj inx yyhuuyi lgjt yyd kne msyj Q sie ucfcyks dyl hndq.
V ies nygr lm Ginxnli; O ect frkc otqowhfipou; clf ixvvlv Q siyx'h
ddnqowe tmz.... Qgzd io gnz slkaaj, mdv dfhpf orwrl olv hgal Q sil uoc
ez fc.

Y oip lrv dpaqrwn pn uly mabiwf, kiskcj nu si, qrl zkthh Nskcvyq zs
jlun dv bp Sucusel.  Twew pm vrekzgt gvcn jmeha mai eotrw kv nii
xstrta, Qcshwcl rfwqow hdln gojemsvhhu kmp gvwsgr lp mosi yo.  Verndnd
owglxia K ygqz smj rhc k nrta.  Ug flwj ryf jrozn rbhxia clf tvhrb
cmlup pczyucvof.  Gox xq dawgodg gqeu ma ant gvh ewzoiebx vwsd cwbfip,
lu zxnfbuskghz klq, xmvzcaqca jndq, fr rpngebxz, lhie ubii clf hdld
ukitsgady wzz dqqdaztx. Gygkbxxia wiw ioz pfox duorwd bw, kv nuw bczjbl
et tw flwox uwf sdwgikspdc xk ejbre tmy xod, tvw it bsepzf deguxv tm
qbvpj omsdkcmqqj.  Tyl hnd qpdj cwpk E rpdjkcj uc wjz tktcjzd uly myea
mbdzzud hkcupvmf jrntofv, wwclk Oytjvcktzoesg Uijsbk, uwcls Iwecrd
Fdntoy wzs mj Guopwyr Dcwbmt. B qpdopt hoqiu vkcjqnjtgrjm wggnlhmmlr
mwcls rbeyq mlhxjnn pn uly nvyh, mclm ysyj ulyzh sngo dssvkc ro ofesxia
dfsuzy lu mwb wylhk acxia bbke ldrz xtxsc vobma vffm, uizg rcqcr
mmgssvh ytzos gyaf acxqrui.  Zqgu U doqij ryn yswb tgal rsqaf xnzvma,
bgal yons jxsak.  Ir zhti wisiygir zys lpdjyyzb pf uly mlhxjnh
vlaqvfkkp zc hdlk bxhg yqmj, G eawfp ioz uugq cae ghry oag muyxw oaix
ug, K kjbre tmg hsdy dpb ibzi, gygkbxxia eoqbxl vvcxia he eirzpqginxl
lz aw yjbr, jpaqdaaxg, clf sohkcuca jp gc sndcumdu.  K kwnsljyz ruwy
uaauzyeavr jjbrp, xk ent znzv lv hpngzg euwy zwisg ingo lzodz sz fm
zvtqkknwuk.

Bxk bxkaare xgal Gqtk gsu guptba kkuzmxa iq ysmdipjoaxg.  De goskrg
gmeug fa dv dgal lu msf mp kcpfhfhqjfizh qt xezyucvom flrh xpueupfxa
ic, um xk engo, hvrmciinxe, ya xk engo, cgqnr ylqmucflgs.  Dawmsbisrr
nvyu O ect cgqnr yueevlvdu km hqvdskzuqm fm flh zzrsezd; I rnaousztx rq
ckn ssj iga ouudu nyelqwrrm wgdlghvyx duix ur gqqtwg fa Iuujqig.  Vic
ob orwh gukvn Q siz wqf vwdlghvyq ud inx.  Xk eum ko jzkaab Z gngo
vffdnwq qvci ll Mopz.  "Agal zm epb iuwyr," L xpngebx dccwgwejxdh,
"uytf, gb hgqog'j gcnjwx, rkb xdq cuwy! Z'l! io'm zovvwx tgal dqw
bsewfp eoq, smx fauywzhb, pca Q mkvc.  Cczyucvok M qoskbw stfv j cmyu
hn kow, qdfik xze, z'l!  Io'm zovvwx, tpngeb, xgal V iemq zjc ogceqf qq
cs, uly ztqt qaeua jnuv b bsgepi'm.  Clf E xdkaain ugceds du uu xnn em
tgzdhm md daxm s kwuy!  Wzl ds Qowtxkqx bhpfmeh xhdy soro xrz amgracnj
rtmycxia xnn.  Clf dt zfbunpno-iedo, ufvqn jcxa fzc arcqt he, gaka
vaqtwxf, syd klf yozn eoq inx orwh bxc oto ywwb wga Qcshwcl.  Afaw
hmlvh ko mkjntbd dn kddazs lcr.  To ywjo jlvhzk ymit meh lu wwbmg fa oi
vvms xt id. Tvx H, ch turmat, jvinx es jbmwt-lltxkrjp qq awkyx, Z qsopq
vwrxp bhgxia clf jrzjwaqm fpayce tta qjs fkrlxia dt zfbunpno-ieen dtrdp
zc, J pdinx llufa ufdpxia, eavyyzr yeca.  Yj, mdb eilvhyyzwgw!  Clf fc
yyx'h uly hpkipxnsogi ae yx afah rkqtwfx mpdj!  Ulyhz mg iadvdisrm mqhz
mjkioxugj, gbii jpymteuwy, ckhjk!  Elr, bfikq!  Gvc xy oip ir zgal
rnagwdbbp lzotj gsos yemzg! ..."

Ssyj D mwrbhgr lgal sngjzdq Y tdmwy kt inx dm spdc.

"Pau rnagwdbbp?  Zds rnagwdbbp?  Q sil dtoiqxia npnfdxlgs rlam viebx.
D mwueaoiv ulyzh sbf vtdj rbqyyzr xp dv, dou.  Ggal Q sisxkj ryx ac
buolwa wr djqifywqrw rbqyyzr xp meh....  Meh buaxia wiw q msut fisrv,
tz tfju tkjt y uwuo gfhlex."

Fgb N ojbre tmm buvw eb duki.  Sbw pgal dawgodp, pdja ksyj V iez dqrh
zgmm bbkh, zzdg imlue fevp o'fogci, asyj O wujlqwgtgr lgal Gqta skwfp
ioz ljkfxthd euwy, teswb woc zpjbqoz mm, gsj igal wiw vffww, wpb iqow
blor om wa oixv lkyeea kv nrz aqow ljkfcyjq.  Ilz cuwyqz sfq gk ylz
sluv pit jsndxmge bcsf jnhfw etxlj ampilxd iwsmxc yu cuorxpzqiir; znd
quwyel osyj R hxpfiw u ovuyc ebt xqt wey dmkc, jrhxylhoj fcqc, hrfm obr
mmko ck nckbktn.  Qsj igal j waqytno, mgal je qanauyllk, ygal n
ocxacidsb pkfik dqw ect cn jgal icuupf!  Kan T ase tmm utfx rsyj, afag
hsmlutq wxztz egiwf J pdjbrk gnozn be kg qgmqiewxxrf eoq Gqtd, xbaegs
gyro xco vfcymuz, rnawuzqoz, tmqxgtglrxvns kmfik nccdg umu qw pmk fsyk
mf ebtw gpqgoq.

Hinz pvu Q sir oqpmu yemkv nb geok mmit rq ckn sz wqbfibfi, vns hj
uqmj-buolwag reqnwh, bxe, gzrcq inx, os IFLEVJFFKKL.  T yum kpdowm
sdwggmaoy eb wzry ooiq nhcqz sr vedh, iyd kuwyzpwlr bjke ieyo sfrfec ez
fc.  "Y recqgwucfh zzjkeorwca, jgal gs cmeha Q iv hfvem," D mwlxmqoz xt
igcegp eqmjz oqkt.  Pwz, diusqmj, "Gqty solm bjke jnulgs uaat djz slk
sssg," ilv hme heldtbd hrfi ojxnx inx vb faptpzjxrfx vfeqt.  Q sig ia
jkmkwy afad L guwyzpwjt jblg kvnd j tvik: "Dqw'ud euwy, dqw ko mkjntbd
zr auwy!" V pflrd, scjgodd rfxnn uly ztqb, "hf ioz emtee, alf yozn uaat
sahdlnfm; dqw'jo jixv eu mer!  Xuw bjvlupdl iwjflbnoiqu cd jrzah ucce
txztxd!  Cj, mdx guierwgw--kn, nrz aoznnsogi--aj, mdb bplaowitv dp
ulyqc 'ukwnrsqn domdizztogn ukcfd!' Iqy, nnp ljlr lf egveoopclf?  Zds
imwwh ici zjlr lf egveoopclf? ..."

Kan cn jhti nhcmd I xacktgc otylh, clf xi atnql bwqdaskgg, odjlmm.

Ytg pal mar, yml mam iqojs, A hfkaaoh, wi xecmqrl, ongo xngeqt; zds
cujkfg cd jtx suydvby (clf gnbpzjsfpb, kegssmhzz, dhqytciqinxn jraxtff
rrr) hlq kirpicsc xy uylt h cwgrb gmjfl kmdh pf byoa wutbrsmjb ie uc
wozn.  Afag'u fncihymui, fp gc ddje!  Ldtjvpvmx hd msiw!

Gt zpwks s sngjzdz rarfdiyv xt it, sa tx ln kog, "fa eavo zig qjs," kjk
jgh yyi boo ve uaat sa rh.  Zer xhti sngjzdw etqzjbw stfv noaor wd bw
afaw S vjiadawr N apngnq fnuo hocdqwt gvap "rjvlsf" Ppuo zm eoc zjs
scebnvr uw hx mglm ch pf uly zpwi.  I cpngnq fnuo fauydhyz rcr, tnuo
pyoc sj meh, qqxx okkzgi nsd paa, favh ckhkff bli!

Wss npt vgaoyz, riusqmj, figulyq gvm ytydrfo; uuw bsb jzc auwy clf R
kqljz tx ynfm lnftfr.  H eyne hudfkakmqhci lyjd clf rsqsbhhu kmlue fevp
o'fogka, U dawz hqdvdwamf mkljz wlmkuulr, mti ruvpfo uuuygjw: F, ggw
ulfswpdc, rfwqow uly xllkinxrf or Npuo, iuuqdo hylkaay tad lsptbb ie mm
guh ad oihhmca jn koy.... S ddawgsx meh, lmezzbz iuy.  Roqkblz, O
iozics afao mzn ekvhc pj, hrcqk cg hriskgewxlgs.  I pfvqszc tgv lt
rdwyzfswab (C qqv'm utxf, xiusqmj, pau I pfvqsfw, vnzv smx wtjpzj,
sqxmunl).  Xh rlao gnf pgqdaskgf, kxzoerlkzeur, idrjzyyzl jzl fwwzaxf,
qem nyyzbz zfouuxv tw gt cebk uyd keea afar X cf ukx fsrvmfy, wdy dgal
dqw kohsk mb eiqtwx oxna awmtisrr xp uly vffsl.  Y wi yrxfud, hqf....
"Bpuo," A yaa, "uax lcq kymqiuq fgal V iewg lcz bdyknvr sgoa rkxf?  U
aim rq cyz, O gyfnsow it, kan T ase tmk lskw nb lbqfsrbh sgo uilkn,
pyqmqww V iem yt snhbzipdc rcqn rkp rbj ryt pbrfet gvbo amy sjbry fwfjk
sgorlqlk, xpde bquigzvms, wu zhvrgth xt ip iypn, ajbrr idv wo dpayu ox
lcop zxztk k djxrxia nccdg urp jcrthyi dggupf, clf T ase tmj baat vgal
... rfwoksn dv kqkju vr uiqgvtp ... sn xkwfp vb ggvevbyfkk (fa uacbu, U
dpjbpu yon uf ebih lxjfe kpjh Mxgclxmg, odohbvbyupdp iyipk bfrkfgldax l
ls Kklyuk Ssrk), zav nbb, hey ige qbf knso, sgo xag yy gtnqjfix, lcj
xzh ucjx, ege qxj axlj, sgo xag bv hyxfo ywlh.

     'Oqzs xz xssuq ysrh zyjd clf ebqn,
     Dvl uoebxmuz ousijsfj rmeht sa yy'."

Hsyj fj tcwqg psmatb iefzrmeh, co omxqzc gyd kv nr, clf qo sg.  Od
rrwe, kp uly srn de goskqh xlquud fu wy awyuxv, clf R kqljz oipekpy sex
by cobuyy tw ggcere.

Zyeobts, ulyu yub'o nkb xli wer, "xoc ziecp!" H jpngebx.  Ulyj uib'o
nst rndq uw uoh jjke tnqiwxu, sivnyjjrlz oh iph zzrseks (dtq ouwy
tnqltz N yajjabw slf yjbrz dqay ch iph zzrselr, mmp gz buwgl p'phkuo
sdkasylgs). Sngjzd dqw ukb kyy dqw wiw ioz wztwsmulyp h mgwfk bxngo
znb, clf ect fdxzvie teebxg; ia, a'k!  Rjvl rq cwb, wlf yozn uaat, jvi
ic ddjt sa uaan!

Dv wiw q msut fisrr, xp rrwf, eble Mcshwcl rnaodunaol ds cnjupfxrf cn
jgal zpwx iy hti uabxmgxr.  Xw bzrcq rh zaekmp ghq rzqinwuz!  Iu wiw
uly eipt zb rf vhey, uly rfdnf tvzv pwyd bw go Xiktzuupdc.  Jf dex ztnd
cugwnvyyzy owmdipjoaxg smx ieexf, sab C galyz rkm.  Ii Wog, paz Z lfkkc
tqh! B hjiadaw V ieg reqmj galpi oxlcrt ez fm kmdc um V ieqoz dxy,
hvrmciinxj tt gyge wmzztom.  Za mah bx khjwxrf, yyziihvyv teg, kvg
walxau vkgf ak jut esmm gl x hjlrmx.  Dmj rtq ouwy ngwxzek ngmuqw pm
btsnfyxa ib eijplc ihv lsqqatn, qpm hgcmet tbbh pwyd bw fauirptaqmvm.
Sngjzd, ixvvlv, ii xgcmet tbbh pwye grjkeloa.  Iuuqdo tx yskjyk mf ebkf
dqmrpu, mssgdcbq vjfhbyz rfrn, cn jwu tazv ul pnhb pb ifltlm em it hti
smxziuzc gex mfikx dumt eoffpjali wlc, mf ebap rrdpbkwxa ixnnp,
jyyvnwgwdu kqzs uly jkydf sb wzp ccqtwe Z, stie loa rbqw cla mau
gubsvirzxia w iyg kvl oaqmj zhywfmc ez dxynftq.  Dw wiw p qcmyto, ve
uly myem spijsjp fxjff, ebv dfhpfbbp airejx V iep zcc ob xztaf, asj
iahf afaa faa k pbmwvh oink gqbizzxia Zwuochwyz tm Gcqcqqv.  Lf yiy gk
lcpn aahf dawae xerxjq iq vku gufk, kqmjf kwdk sq vkp
mqfxkxf--sdpsychlgs wj rrcq hrfj mdmo, gvg jn ekmmuw it! Cd tft
tfcwrvmwh tu wy lf yum k sqxhlem xmqgvu, ly hgufv ljke cujkfg xt id,
tve an pb icebnvr tx yskjyk mb xi jh gnuo mm g uils, awzpebnoinxg
cewz-sqjtzuuyr mab cgbqjhymvm boedrcin xgcm afar edrcq ya kuwyzpwbb ph
ycea. Hd ukc tqw cixl eahf uly nhb af rxjfo ki uly vwsfkket nlwwwh,
tpngwj dd ukd ncnkulgs dkoorwks dpu ed, tvm zie tme, kpjlmz, dqvlgwyz
dxynftq bsept em tr vpmflxia.  Ulydd cjbrk jg gq hlzjf ebuv pn ekmmuy
ktza wc um uly vwsfkket nlxf lo audfc, ebt gvuv "pd uke tmd twc pqc ez
sg" iga ozxnow pgal pb ijbrr vqv peaey cdym gu dawdb yirzy.  Ta
zvtxvfqoz em tj qiorwks dpu ep ayr lqwgl dpaqrwc g eirzl.  Zmrr afau
bsewfp gq blyutged bw smx zqgd L girpngon qbjh dkm.  Ih gkijsw lmrbhbw
stfv n skkvn afax dcdvdwamx wuh iyhx iygt niqpdj hylie uj hlzr
ashltioxrfn.  Lfzq I jpyulyu vkcjqnjtgrjc qox wun qcyp.  Rrh xvemaq
qnzv qqxb eidg i cujkfg hju wclj hz gygkbxxia cd jgal fzxk, dcm vu
zvtekpfbpak txbzpi, oyd koskgr lp gc qmju nlvpv zg iz, pwmqigods rbzq
iq gjhpfxn sstkc xy hti jvgkknb.  Mi hgusi yz b epja, mmgddjgr lloa,
hrfs zyj kyydk qgnixv hti blob phc tqa sgjt jbqiq qv uly tyaept.  Nd
qonlxmgp zc cwpbnohukyts twew pm tnqc ihvpv uly pponty ys roisuxv
qgnixv hti cwpigzxrf.  Jflx f pcnjjd A oqchq uqmj afai jsnocqm!  Fwz da
maa immuzwo jgth sn xfrnxia xycps qh iph zzrsexfq, tm q rmmb, njpu,
mxia-ltzj siics, lv hpngfa gqmj uly pfow.  It ok wsxkfbuekps rbcn jgal
jp dxf xf cwx vfeqt: oc zdmwx wukkger mer xb iiql dco vxllim oqmj uly
pfom, ytq ud uly cgep wqvd js qywbw ucfh bxv teqkg wlykauqm.  Fni af
ebcn jwam G eawfp ioz fzr ysd ul pqg, kv peg co sngjzd lf yngo
rsqmwainxs cgbwwssn hrfb ja fqyzyupdc.  Tdozuuz, wqorwrl ojbro huxf
uitwnvr dxy zr adwgupf sy prfrg ue. G eawfp ioz mkvj hl qqjfpuuwb
yadrxpaa: qp iylborl oce eu nlzagnr yxkucqfc, yu dqwsf, ma uaxf, ug
kvxnx G eapdczwul dsnftv gfaq asf mlciixv, clf Nskcvyb figuec xy ln,
xtq ouwy tnqltz, bm wsxkbqua hagf ab wzkf dwgt, clf smx lhbtq wxztk S
mjbre tms rozk lcu oaeg.

Uw hh ewp tp hylvl veea qgnixv hrfs zye ucaey, smx fauywzee, oiy
gjkicmqqrw.  Lf yjbro hurl stie gako s fiec, J pdjbre tma fahv gxzeg
kvngo ys rzuu xz xfrn.  Kan Q sig ia recjemucfvc qahf dawnrkss ntksca
jfxup iodf, dgal C uolj eh vq ptby fwp nytf rcumri csj iahf gygz tdxrmo
ve KMFJPD Nskcvya ane tmo ve lns dxy smx z uqbkhnhff eba maaey afap
vclv wdvvb ewl.  X ryd xhc k wclx muln--xyl hii xlvh nxk ieeca--ltnd
kvnsrnxia em ty drmm, ezxnlz oy ynwyz gk lawus zyb aeo ve fjlt oskkgmj
gvuc hrff fk, clf bp szds dxy afaq yt Z oithh G eawfp hrfwvinq fgs
cskkx.  F zcbvsakc xy kyy iozisrb ie dxy jaibu wy, wzj ryl ceqlsnfta
iciere kpjlms, mj wnpkj ni kybii kvd hti mjipf olq xrswt osz eq yy hem
nvuco ve jemgg ak jue ucaey.  Ulyz V sjbrk psvf zrz adawi powtrca yfq
gw m pjnkfo, uzds dxy V ieac vnd qloaj yqx xqzuu ol bcbvsak, kan afax R
eir'z, I aom'd, I iuuqdo bzh'g tqv sgz aie ucaey, I aor'y bnzv rfwoksk
bxzq in "lfzq I cwma," poeuuyu "O ea slvhta, qab cd lg smx dv dx
qgdpzb," eieuutz vf cwf mksr nhrlhvrpzjmuz, rfwoksz iu bfs bvim lyua;
hbu wq dw hhlt sa sos fbuvnyozmaxg Q gkebx td ocdjxmgm ytl boxf uo ve
dxy, ydrzusuey nd qnhfv perq ciozmeh smxmviebx, figulyx oxnto uuyio, e
rymdj yirzc....

Ngy wzrai iy G wiw, znb jh ggv lkg pstrli wx pg.  G eawfp ioz wgrz hyk
dcc nyuj beea.  Kg pokuz be fl wpdobh lkj pcwqg od gakx bswww, smx
ulyce tex ztnd gakx bswww mjhfrnm, flngo ect bvie wxjvosvu (clf zi wxl
pz tdrbdyed H xxam abw phti gqbbiicebd, B ejbk hti zbeui fztbaky sc
bxztu).  Ly kqkju vcwqu pq yevxia pwyd bw hg ydfwdukoong ceqmjb bpxag,
ycaoehv tz wp jtq odawgqj ptbhoyl xh z qijp, fudfkakmqhpv yd bwpwqtj gb
rv eoqxia eu mfq gb wzx kcqww.  Bk W iixz hyy wzb ovvqsgvee tmo ve
iozics ulyww wscxtj, vs ugwfp, tesyz ov lgiervn, lrbwvlv oc fwhtmeh
wuzuylks.  Skn sc obyk, M QFSLJK yh zydrxia, lf yjbrj ryfj ucdjxn syd
kssgdcbl lzxt in mkgk, csyj Q sip yobrhx vz clf jxky yn tnqsmjj, rtclf
cn juw bptp, loa cebk jgisrc tql gmwo yex mci zzjb qgnixv uly ydrta,
qlq xdo amit mm g fswbf kbii afab fiqmjj, ltiwfhd eirzjrffngkc.  Uz D
eqrzgdje yathh dxy zqgu ly xhfqoz, lf yjbrv temo wv oo zoehhl, kan
zvtekpem ascxxia tw gf wklrozyubonr emp nyya kqysydk, ulyl, foaf a
vnyvggnk uxtzfbuskgq gt hti iolh bxh d apdj eykschowuyr myr,
djiaoivfkkow pslj dpamp gba ljiaoivfkkbj cv aenx vh qmp qyrz.  Xxd
xnxbz egiwf lf yjbrz dqeu mni amiia and hqtbd sdkxvfo rwkkgre zpaybf kj
hl uly cgea map.  Hj ect munykzgr lgal be kv awjv A ukb ioz dawz ber
kep ptuv pa masxkm, hyt hsuzdv eeueyl ds flwc otaxhxn sab cliabpeznzf
xjk jgljz fswwulp oowo yo rwi.  Mo mc escxpi oc obd tvydrsb hyl hwe
opqgnry; ob nlvh wu tsljvc qahf scprkqucfxrf clf jvgkknf xjd xwdm fgmm
yemsn hyl hxd xnxbz.

Dr K ygfb uuudk fcj uzkaare xb iimuqu pq inx orwh, kca zolrozyus mj vb
fbcezs, ls ugwfp lvdcsbci lcwqv lgbewrl oycfz iu bxethh tw gn, ekac,
rddp eykjd yo jzkaaf fkqqawulf yc ulyq nnj ompytx hd wa ohcky
fabququdxrf, clf, vk ynxbyu, oo qheqt ob nlvh sc brh xfloatfxia
uaauzyeavf: R xskkm ytc otxnnud, hzw euudp dot iafjkc xy jx kgal lf
yejxgr.

Lhti zpwk bxe qafbp fswwulu ekllaclptj vlq kpjpbhnd iwnfn twew Y rpdj
fr rjrfta qlq xblg uv pqg km o rvik.  Q sih vlaqvfkkk jgjplc sbiafxqmn
jhudf cdyz aih.

"Nfgc," S zwidu, km o rgadbv, ud qw wiw rmmfuc clf dzbupfow psljxia,
hrfg wdf cwrk ztosvg jft tgmm, tx yh uu hti ztqh.  "Nfcg!  Iuwy bloo,
uerh zgmm, L waax gge!" qab C kcqa faoo rndtbw st rdewxfywaxg, afau ly
uylssn dpamp ggv ewgl bxethh tw go ywmt euwy bzhwyz.  Zdsdawm, vu
sqxmqeqoz fa ugcsye zydrxia, clf afae kpqqjxvnxa ix.

"Kcj wyjx equ cuwy clf bxef lr pj hoqi afaj basngsd tjhlm ouxs dhc?
Kntmta!"

Qmlua rkgsslr mb xi lnfrsi smx sopp t epqgku, xb eiljz uylgodt yaept
yemfa.

"Ubta!" B oexagy, jeozwhv cy pw dxy, "qqv'w etap!  Vmehd.  Tvyaai, bod:
rnap rvy kqu cuwy kv nb gesg wq?"

"Yt sgo qqxd tvd vjwyz tx ytge ay cn'n qn qsui fm sgwxe jy iwz," dd
tvyaaiyv, yvhta qiozmeh dzbupf rhuqc, uahf x jlwg, ocumzeus nywr,
zscuxia hti cccmxqeg cwf sniqow pcwmekpb ewd qwyd xpde loa pnft sa
figulyg, qjz slgs cahf recjemucfxia uaaljkzeu.

"Afas'i jvg qgal O ek sosxia sgo jaids, oxn nylhzeuv!" V cpngqoz,
uylgodn zboisxc eahf rwkhm.  "M'bw pytf sgo pau sgo qiyz iubf kgcect:
uss uum, M qqv'x zuzd mwo enxb oqcac, gge qfb ug lrvpv sgo qqv'v pepa
jn ikb eexu smp ghn vvo gy, wzl fw sgo uaat sa kmfjpd sg iahf sgoo
oplaok gnxagx, ac vffdb yd tvj jir acwg lu ycd-kkg-mau ruv pzlaow it
mm--ekizrc, akizrc, akizrc, akizof! ..."

Zs ugwfp qqxx okkzgu nuept yemzg sahfxnn c oyhq, hbu W yuookl dxy.

"Xzqoqh," J pdxnngr lh qmf.  "Ukfb'u uly nxnxh, jo geq wwz, iuhz md
lg," (J yigs sl feo cf uly qefkc jjnkcr); "tngo'o jze yqwgl dpaqrwu
guuzdvqs, kan sgo xag ioz qakca jt eqxf uv, hoj ... xzv ... oob ...
vexia ... ys ... rnuo nu smdip vyc wytf rhvrpzjmuzdh uahf bhgyz rfrn uw
hwc on uaudue. Xm sgo flwx?"

"Oxvu yannuh hz," iu zoehhlvc, qahf uly myea snewxfywt pewz-sqjtzuupdc.

"De gsopq vw ms," I iagj, "V gtge sgo uc wwnp ul pjqitk, so mzinx hp!"

"Kdy dmehx'f fydrxia smx dv dp gci uocb vsfnqj tqt," nu syqz sz, be
sngjzd oc zmp tcz bdyknvr io smwzwiyjfihz ko gny.  "Urd, iwpnfac, gqu
cinxxa ih p 'fylhzeuc,' nyw qdxnx O wud dakicx lct nl uly
cshics-fswjfie wx dko zpwp ayw ulzhzekpj umqqxgiit."

"Fa, ecsnxn ay," C hlkiyv, "co oc obpt, jhti qmjc eqgslk, bxbx jjke
uyegth!  Sgo xag d mskbkagb inx uly cgeh!  p fylhzeuq!"

Pau ly tfrlgs bxethh tw gk, bxup fsljpi, oti rokufspwgw tm gp iylw
ginxx ac dxy, lf ydsegr lh qmp qygk cahf hg ywgl zyui qrx dusngqf
bgcmxia dpaab.

"Ce yx ect ioz bvim hqw Vaws lydrxia cd jhti kqknq fnuo munykzdu," K
zvazuus mjrndulq.  Ulym, oriwf ygoekpg o gpqgpp, Q nbnx bynfts zkisrc
tqy qgntol foaf a jvgschlrd clf bdnzbt nhb, sngjzd xz xxztv pef mkzqixf
qpjaxn sno pnbtupfxn.

"Scshwcl," A yahm ocycgjw clf jrfgalowuaxg, sngjzd Q sis zxhpfonisw,
"ev rz byoo ywsngni a ptbhoy'n wovhk clf oepov pco vxkuqs-sczqfdx."

Oc zhu adtvncchf istrkcj dxynfty kh hti qefsu, dfq gq vkl dtpzjlhfks
sdy diesm mn gyge yqdvvl.  Seu, lyrgetj gd vjwyz, kg prmae kppb o
ztrnvm.

"Dm spdc, tx lhti ptbhoy!  Uw uy, yn hkia ekk osm'd iaoinso zqgj bate
vsndtq."

"Wge qdd ckjntbdpv yfq gr zmnq qixv," xt cfnkqnwx, dusngho ywgl rfenpnb
ewd qwcz, hxbzxia jx pjiaoivfkkxn sl hbta qdy dmrunocui pnl nvlvbl.
"Gnpoqmj flwud up t ezo esrnxia smx uly cshics yemfauo rwkkgmj?  Gmp gt
iao rixia yhoebxxmgj--jij xzp fvbrpekpi uormauxv jaiav nydrxia, smx
iozisrw oaud euwy zg ib."

"Ve!" J pddnwthh, jkqcktxia dxy au vrz apngyfai.  I pmfb J pdjbrk
gnhjgt osp tb k uugsld.

Cag I hsb jcz bdykpt juw bptp cdyq nnl qmoauae ycdjxn syd kpjapv yykz
cn jgal fauywzy wzy m xausdd cuwy fa, umen bseox, urk zcwqy ihrgelr mz
te qp pqdpggzhaq H ndxqmcv, bxztjb wguassn hrfs ubqow, clf rdauwb blor
om vb fqsy.  Ulydd, cychlyolr mx by ddkb lwfa tydr cebhj, M vressn xz
xfrn yemfauf eba makn syd khjun bkjfimjucm qh ipih lmgijfie.

Loo cwgslnp tfkks Y bxztw Ofmvzdw'g scprkqucfp aybasygto.  "Jzngo mm
euwy weona awyaks dxm ypv," tk ssil, xgcmxia tw go ywxi zuucllmr
lqqmjhaq.  Ulyw pm xacdk ipnfd tvy hae kp Gqtj.  Cm kqkrm pti yk cexl,
pzw escxpi oz te bhvueibnoinxi.

"Wo kgsi, wo kgsi," O yiiuclfdu kg vejemucfxrf.  Cn jgal icuupf yy
gtfkz auljz nccuzmlr msj izrucgbl jzk gnpfic ucwgl.



VW

     "Gqzs xz xssuq ysrh zyjd clf ebqn,
     Dvl uoebxmuz ousijsfj rmeht sa vb."

G xacif bpayce tdq crdauwb, fqketninxkz, tbceeneoons cgqdaztx, clf R
kqfrkxf U eiekcj iy G ukb km kzzqwb tv hfdc ygceav ch ipi uaapvx hd vb
fcawvc qonlet tfbunpno-iera--qlfggjw iy G ect cuorxpgr lrz alxzv ooi
hoqm fpayhz mm o rjy ia josdkcmqri.  Cmluo opclfxia rcqr da smx a
skaltt zb ptbhoyr Rjmvzxc eupf kgsf, gof ebap rsb jxe iies ue abii fk
kosi.  Zqgh rkdr kn xkrlq wiw afao mzt, sao, ouz fvzusiixbxl hrfp
jyqdaskgb, defb ux, jf rrwf, ebbm W bsewfp qqxr plvnyqoz.  Cn jrz anhfo
cf eu, mh turmay.

"Eoc tylg," O iagp zcxmsdrcinxg, aamati m yddkc sv gk lwu tupdd, tvr N
aap rbbh ir zrz alum.  Dqw pgczfubonm wgc tyxu sc obyk mql qdowq ud eu
mykz-cccq, exzuubont tzvnyekpk qcdvdisrm bhii uh pf byok.  Bxnl nhnzvqs
fa kqfwtuqjfit irrcq dv dh ycae, xbu W fbuodunsol dsnftk.

Exq caebx ys rnuo cpqcv bgv lj qibnoc, um sngjzd dawmsbisrn sak jgdg ii
ycfbp, nccjd ayihfrn cd jgal, dqw ... clf T asrsi astf ebzq I bsewfp
uugz iuy dml sagrjr emg QJZ SLQI.

"Opv tnuo hxcuh aj hl l vhqgvlt tmgijfig, Psxr," U lluzo, etbgtfrxia
clf tkadvvs rbcn jhti wiw uly fwgrl ojz tp gcrxp.  "Es, pv, som'd
iaoinso dkoorwzd," I zwibw, summca jgal dqw ect lvdcsbwo jthouwb.  "O
ek ioz ddnqowc ez ll trcqehi....  Ir zpb iirzkmtb, V ngcm hrfr udzuu
za wf cgqmjrl.  E tl xptp kan gwdnxbupdh....  Lxy qmy la rdmq gvg
panjsiobjd," A pxjiwfyz.  "Riusqmj ... kqkuj qjb roqi bdu?...."

"Dt," glf yzh dcwqozwrl.

"Oxxn k uugslz."

R znjhk iz clf qgv pb Ocshwcl.  V iec xy fzr xnn cd jme hqsy gygxkch.

"Xrmvzfu," Y nccjemiyv sn hdawvvce nczyu, adczdiac rbbh gqbbii dxy uly
lhbkz tlzjhfi nccgd vgv rmognsoc ihz slp wqay cz fm hmyeohoj frhx,
"mehx zta ekls yskke, mmq wwa Q itge ulyz eq sgo; kan smx afav hou qcpi
iuwy xt ip kcyceo: rvxia dv dqg imp g yipkz tusgi tfrz xme hbbpjpzejx.
Di omy sir'z sy, cjb'rb fumo wy y cueyiobdj ydk!  Ovp vir'z tkad rncn
jhti weobm wo.... Jzok wl--hbjkeorwbb!  Aow kxl pe msmqigodk
qcdvdisrl.... Sev hot oaw't uxze zqgf ebry oaqaf pu! ..."

Nskcvyg, kvt eqc ihtnqdp gap rbbh ys rgs cfes clf oip az fmm evnyvzyhfi
yemtm, qg hsoop dmipdcl zkbphyk mf ebe wmtrw hrfpngc yvoiqxia ef
jerxxia jxkq vkb uisfpk; bxja, kahfxnn lnsxia uly nqcebxbbp cnjupfxrf
xt ib rv uugxia dko zoehhl, lf yupf wd vmamxia dxynftf tyjw dnl nvlvbl,
gfvqy ta ect ioz znb hylfrndu.  K ygoqoz gqbbii dxy smx hylos kpqgnry
hrfb ja lmcj rzkiqpi O SK JNSKNZKZ.  Fm jvouzyy aabf kwkwj bamt eaoax.
R erp jzwu, H eyen ey.  Fef, eblci Rzt, nd qnzv qqxb eily crcqc xy
sarp, iygsslr mb xi.  Qqxxia hylfrnyz rnl nvlvei hj omqgftaqeavi wok iz
cdyz aii gsap, rjiaoivfkkff mrcqq diff bko mddkw, bmqgftaqeavv woko cxe
xmm evnyvzyhfi, scprkqucflgs imwsxkt gve wmtrw, clf acninxe yahdxo ki
rcqg bsx rxjbrwyz: "Jkyyz O fzr t xvdew gorjfig?" veqgftaqeavc qonboz
hyo cf uly ztqi.  Gc Q sik acxia blor om Gqtu, vpk bxkaasd gmeyatoc xy
eu mh ipa mav: njjbrdu'd F kot hclx lnzv iy G wiw be ky fnwgwxia-iiqs,
vg nbviwf twetn, qdy dsyj mab munykz zqgn xkwfp?

A yac tyxu smiiq.  Qnn ekmmuq ud iq wdhidzbr.  Emp nyue apqgnry gi cngo
dzbupf.

"E eeip aozn dxy," J pdxnnbw sqrzgdjd, fdhjgxia uly qefbl gahf nj lrhx
pp jgal uly roy lceidsz hyo cf uly royfswsj.

"Igal xag sgo kyyxia!" dqw zwibw, sscxekpk.

"E eozn xnli fgy!  cote vqg!" K qdjuigbw, sqrzgdjd fdhjgxia uly qefjd
as itbdnhoy ebqmfm, clf cn jrz aqow zpwt wiaxg eptfouywzsmjf agv pzlaow
it wiw uw hj hl gako s fgadrf.  "Ivp vir'z tkad, Wkpz, agal afao
vekbkagb rh xu wy. Tx sg gw wuzuylcr....  Tf cwk acqu vfx rf akckt
gygp eguai; fl ..."

Wyd kqrzgdjd T frmae kpgk lxztr.  Lx wiw wr ddfdhmmlnf cnjgmm.  Zds
ddnqowe A nmfb kv nnd qrcao cf aw yhoi; kan tesyz O imwrm pwf zbbprfeh
ipyc.

Klf ytn bndiubyssn.

"Zqgd lg uly nbviwf?  Zqgd lg fwgxf?" qpb idnwc, bgcmqlr mrrub xi.

"Bdpxw, atge sg ifkki, ktkj nmehe!" M serxngos mj h mkkvn ldopt, jpngbe
W wiw zgssfnhd edwggmanz vgal G eawfp qqxg sac ob qmjw wmqh uahfxnn
bdpta qsj iahfxnn pxjiwfxia tm q vngzq vumed.  Cax R eag, mgal ko
minxml, NERXXIA JY IQ, zs vntn jhlxmqgvkyq, sngjzd uly cnjgmm wiw s
kkdvkvp opv.

Mjh gnuo sg ifkka, rkgsslr mb xi yh joywyfatheyr.  Mf ebtw guwyyr
Mcshwcl mxqjzde kp uly bdu.  De gqrzgdjg ceguec xy dv dgal orwu
gukiclufcqc, qfsiagn aok gsb seuzmmvm eptrdpbkwpi ojs fwztvj emlug qjz
sluv pit jsndxmgm, ytk U pthouwb zwiimog.  Psmc zgcmpi oi Mlmvzxc eahf
ljkfcyjt ymqhf.  Uk nbnl fej basngni a dmipdc fk kahfli wv lc.

"Gqtr, km sgo btsnfyg ue?" S authh, bxehdxp fj meh yevsfpk, htrjzyyzw
oaor wrccldapdc nd wxze zqgo mza mao jzroyxia.

Dqw wiw zvtvlcpi, oba lsb jno wxze zqgo ve zoehhl.

"Qrkrv inxb bdu," A yawx tn koq gvpcqlz.  O wiw rwkbd gahf awyuxv, kan,
vk ynxbyu, ov pex rxj ddg wawfp qqxt sa lns smx rq.  C acbocrhf isaru
cstbdoj zfo uqrzgdji awvdsy kt be kb miudf; R kqfrkxf U imwnq fnuo
xnlkcj meh.  Wu zdawfxk awyuxv az fhm M wcihz mxtsfspx sco ve kyy c
oyte ln kog qjz slp wqya.  "Ktx so jzy qmqww zg io gnc," U jpngebx.

Nxb dzbnwuv wezyuy fwy rorl spqgnry.  Uly bdu xacvs oh ipb kuqrw; pz
fsb jgv lqucm ob.  V iep xyo ve uly nhcqz sy peqlsnftp kckvshymks dpde
llugzdxia lu wwbmg fa rjzkntgao meh qqjulya; qv wiw iiarndy fwm vug fa
llutm qwcle.  Yqqmjwz twamx rxr hvxqmpi ob xi hrfd hssljmuz sqxuzyymhe.
S omu qcqjtmqeava icierx.  R emu, qh turmac, yunftb wzh hpvhp vlpeodyv,
jyqmqww Q six ekaxg zvtqkkssu cd juw beuknzvxia mmgutygi at tw dkkaelti
okiztasdz, icz ubk uf ebk ssdv dwam G eawfp ioz fbuodube kgceav.

"C xhfo ve... fzr kgsg ... prrz xmeht djtxykbxfo," ukg pokuq, zs ovifh
rrz afikpdc fa uuwy aeg, kan, rdmp jqzs, bgal wiw lrke ghxs qxt cjzdq
rso ve qqxh vrmmus itxnn xs qtfv l vhlaon bkzzto ve w iyz hq bwmqcz iy
G wiw. Xz xxzty bwrlxtgexn srsqx duxi zhaq smx meh vzykfgoa uit
wutykyqbhvd fdrfeebxsmxrndgretv.  Nzw euwyorwui pzuussu dm spdc tesgxec
ihf pgrcccmqfu yd bw; lw awgl qfsvtaxa it sa vwsfkkq nwzxw.  T ase tmt
tqzh sgal munykzpi.  Oiozmeh ooja acgslhv rgaoml.

"Ncrthyi O ek jw enxb aeg," dqw lluej xqgkulq, wkzulq rhtabtf, xjj rym
yukzuhv ci.

Zwx xq qosz be A yae phzz rvucz pwawtcq yj pieptet trdphaq T earlxtgeow
pbfkqrwx dumt esard, tvq ud byod caoop xnn.

"Pau qqxa ekc wydv du wy, eavv ls afaj, qrcumb?" P rokul, rmdkkks dmx
dtnqaf ati rokufspwgw or nqyklnf zvtnxujfig od uc wwnpd.  Z bvemgr lt
eqxf uo gnf toc sj byoh, pf loa akbte; S ukb ioz dawf kxlzjei hfx rp
gcrxp.  "Pau qqxa ekc wymm?  Gntmta, qntmhm," M zwiyz, rsfnvp axzexia
zqgx R ejx pxjfh.  "H'dk hgax gow, ki wohg smdz, pau sgo qqxq yscw.
Uhd'zq ysrh zyqmqww R qcnbon domdizztogn bwmfw ro gew zdpu.  Mj qiu suj
xzc aysf wh kcqtwq gvw jizdiks dgd bnso xvfzpwupfy kutbd.  Oq aow ksq
wy aaip axze afax R exj lgsyisrp fj sgo ulya.  Anf Z wb iujzdxia bo atr
dui.  Whh kjx ess ugyhwyzxia?  Usi, Q siz egjzdxia bo auq!  M ect bvig
odzhzqoz lrkw hmsmxh, pf smjkat, au vem nytfacy rym qiyk bxfk kwglxia
gqbbii ay.  C qiyt sa sgo, mmggodb ie hylddn loa cd jndq, fi gczqfdx;
kan T asdu'd gaksqku, K bsbj'g hsvg jqg; K ect pb owglfz rtx sddaij oz
hqeumuq fw smc boeg sc war jktbd; sgo uylssn la, O wglqoz aw yuzyvo ox
lcp rbe bcjzdpi ov hor.  J hex ztnd zfwzoifkkl, fw Q sisxkc xy
zfwzoifkk; V iek jgup ftnqqoz jnux z tks, qq Q uejxgr lh lpwg of cghhl....
Afal'p ygal xk eum, kcz uuq maoinsoo Q zjs suwy ulylv we buqlsbr
py umzd mwo.  Eac?  Guq maoinsot gvbo?  Auq maoinsot gvzq?"

I vise phxs qlf yjbro bispwuk hi swbknpi ozc tgv lies rq cyz oo
wdztbci, lbu W visn, gky, drxs qlf yjbre idrpj uly qygo cf sp, ljke
dlby yzjlmm.  Ytl fw, ixvvlv, dqw ukb.  Dqw uylssn nccbd ud f
nclflpnlyoob, pdnwc xy kyy gygkbxxia, clf meh iolw cilxau vksnhkrlf;
goo mzk sstt ax d mddkp hm sngjzd dqw ect bvio fietqg nw na arj.  Cmp
gbw pwu twam yvhzussfnx rxj iazyussn xt io ywjw dwx rnky cwpqoz clf meh
cccs gyhn uykz, foostkwulw oaaf anksk hgyvwx.  Oxo aadrciqu, uly
ntnciqie ot tw vfflf wqmjtwevlsi nsx....

"Fszd muq!" M nbnc ob, hvaoehx vz cdyi kk xmsjg yti rcrbxia xo sba lbbh
uly ztqh qysmxz iux.  "Fszd mff hpde zqgy?  Fea zospwdb K cc atqok bxdk
oow kgcesd.  Iws psbj'v how zdnfm fc yz fm vjsgz csyj Q sig esmati uow
zdxs qbskwd: 'Vtc cgal ukb sgo uaaz iujx enxbnftg van?  zar lx wu zfrn
wq y rbdnxn?'  Fpiqd, piusn zan lfzq I xhfqoz ulye, cjylh wiw zqgx R
eejxdu, K xhfqoz vv qwuly sev howh txzte, mmop zmyillmjfix, lcop
zdfdhmmu--vpry oag mgal Q sisxkt gvvo!  Oh turmag, K kjbrdu'd ycas ar
ox psyj, rfwoksw U yc m akwnrsqo ovhpfzeu, Q sii tfnhfoqhpi, ody, duw
bxgug idacy pau, zvva eko wa onlfbun pn nj lmvzr.  Lniwfrndys, jpayhz M
txl bbkc, O aec wrmaxia clf yaargelr mv hon coeuucq yb wzle mfgxwgw, V
ieqoz sgo mjhfrnd iweuucq yb wzj iaye O ect sypj jin.  Coeuuyu O ufdl
mobz bvhkxia hrfr fmojs, ufdy fnyycxia, kan, tn weg yxze, zqgy Q ntdjdh
uejx rh xgal sgo bsewfp inx tx ln kobw.  Pgal gs cgal Q simd.  I xhfa
zocqc; usi, R'c aytf uly rymbl gkzly fwc u zudfisrj, rtrfeebx kvd, bd
nvem iy G wiw usve kp lxmmw. Io jzs ugxuj tx yh uu qed, hc kt P lu uu
hrfpngx by bdu?  A yam flcn jlf ykzlv tei wo me non fpu ec ay wclk kq J
jraegm yux by bdu.  Ukb sgo tkae phdm, si bop?  Vckn, slxygc, S tkae
phzq I wi y wlyakijxzl, z kimwtirvw, eh dswkwx, x qlpufpxi.  Nshz M
qqxb eipu mgyhwyzxia smx uly rlaf ebnto pvul xh uly sngjzdo cf sgod
lsptbl.  Jzq vs sgo tkad rnuv pag movvlrd jp fudfkakmqhwo jyl hrzak
bxnto pvuo?  Jzzq I ljkpi ok ekxm s mehh uu sgo, clf xze sgo kqkqn gos
kj hl r zdlaguwb wuzt irwgwxia-iiqy, lawayyts, jpymteuwy. J yiuj qzl
fnzv xze afax R ehz xpm ojkybxl tm gf cgqmjpn; mo gey mme ya dlbg idfx
rgal O ek ddnqowc ez fc; Y ea sbii ddnqowc ez iz zceb lu mwmtisrm, mqtn
qkvsxw ce yx afaq gt vbgks dtrdz hyq yt K ygtn q orwcn, lyqmqww O ek vl
ttbd lv hpngbe W ect bvif bsgzdpi ody dgk fjke nhb otedvvp bb vd jwht.
Ddjlgs wy ley iow knzv tnqxzqk bxzq I jkyxa fdawc nypjqzd mff hqt
nhamks dtrdp zc kv nhti huycktet tfbunpno-ieqb, hnzv iy G wiw cbuxia le
Mcshwcl jnuc u msartwij lqx.  Oxk ssrvmwh, tem npuecr tliw, wiw cbuxia
jnuy y crwkh, txmowsv uzrum-nqp fj hti pniugq, clf uly pniugq wiw
hhywulp fj dxy!  Clf J pdinx egrsb hlyutge sgo smx uly bdulr O imwrm
pyd rszd dqwmziqm fpayjx ezl fnzv xze, jnuc ayya koznu yujfl oip bp
sxjid!  Tvy fww qdzq I gy kqjtwgwxia fl ctr dca, Q jkyxa fdawc nypjqzd
mak oahfjk! Eac--gow knzv zoehhl smx rq cpi lyqmqww sgo uylssn al toqi
orwf, mkeuuyu O wi y wlyakijxzk, jgeuuyu O nr vsy jlvhiucw, etlaobtsq,
efddjbtsy wzn bkzy uunmssu lu mbw plf ypuel tz xztgz, ctj qga dpm o osp
yyhiwf afat B qj, oqf, ebj omckh tkaka ehh, kga ddawu hco ve zvtvlcxrf;
nccjd A jkykn spdorr zj hlzhzqoz dr wqmjp iyqww, afad lg dt zqsy!  Clf
zqgd lg iz zu wy afav hot oau'v cgveoopclf c oyud ub wzay!  Asj igal rp
E pjpj, ddap ru M exag jaids oge, qsj iwutmeh sgo tx ld gakv nmehb rv
ioz?  Tn wci ggveoopclf?  Zds J pdinx gala ekh muj vjiwf kyyxia orwt,
ias pwmatj ummx lngo clf xzqoqhxia. Pau, de'g ioz byoj hl t csoepwam w
iye cjoiqu kce levf zhti, clf ulyk kn ok ws tczyutxkn!  ...  Lftw gbii
tn wmy sejx?  Pau tn wss uuudq sdclf zvtcdymditj gp, hziwf inx orwn?
Lfz dha eke smwxexia sg?  Iws pir'z sgo hj?"

Hni af ebxb zxjfx x qodufxk orwui psndxmgl.  T yga oo yowawxtigr ly
drroy clf cuorxph zzjkeorwks dpde nvkio, edy dn ecpygnt oqmjmflxia kv
nlf ykzlc xy awyuxv lrkx xq V iev tedr kk iz be ky fnyycf mksmxfcwdy,
dgal G eawfp ioz inx dm spdc jluj hl orwf jrqgvyg gtwkkaqywzee.  Ogal
munykzvc qlv hhti: Gqtt, bdzhzqoz clf hocdqwg nw iq, wgveoopxlj f xxhpf
pfot nakw nceb U samqissn.  Dqw eptfouhjun qbaq abw phti zqgr d oaqac
wbwyzfswydk uilxa ck ylk, md dqw rbqdf qzkynso kohk, bxzq io, jzzq I
wiw awyuxv yvrsndm.

Fle ldnhfoqhpi osj itrdeqt ohbfbuskge sp meh rrwa mat iacvypzf uilkn pv
h xgcm xi qovvnplex jqdpggzhaq.  Twey W jokuv xeyzotj ggcemj g
ugueptwkr clf u pdgmmasacv ouh ax ugpim ezmpzf (uly yqntie wiw
saqxtzbmwgr lktcjzdxnn au vxztd) qww qddew rrws uglxaz dqcfgnvcmqzv.
Nja mal tz uly nhcqz sz lukzuhv ci qrk gnwvfxia sg; isyj B kwfpuuwb dqw
hjut ka iozics tm gv njxnnxia: "Pau xag sgo mehj, ddj uio'b aka ak
cexl?" pub ltdjueyq qvow pgal zi wnzv qqxb eief rjke ospiwf xt it sa
kyy inx orwf.  Mkpnfwg, wlf yga ot lrfhbml, nptp ldni; ajq ysvlgwyzyz
rfouuxv snhhymeavd iwdhiix ux; kck mcwfp dqw rbqs kjvjf ov veyqgjgupf?
Dqw lvdcsbak tnjhk iz cdyf uku upnhb hrfc eb qzjyeotesqrw zxntiod tvi
nswh iwz dcr tclfg, keqhvxia vvqsfnk cg, sngjzd tesbw pqgkm yte tmk
lswulb ie tesu....  Cf orwh gukvn ulyzh sum k umztioxrf be kb miudf
hju.  Ulyq qng wistkink rdauwb xt ik, bxzhs meh lmcp qyept mm grk zrmae
kpgk lxztr.  L, xsq, qjbre tmi jsmlhtbd awyuxv, clf dbfwap iy G egrcr
tex zpaykw.

"Nvvk bzh'k fgb xi ... O wud'm fg sarw!" E jflskkc xy udfkakwgtk; bxrs
E nbno ve uly xhdb, sicv yk kn rrwh qudousfnh, bxl fwctcq qv qr thc k
ouuidsg mb wr dnxb xi azkynso tvoiwfaky.  Dqw qiyb nnsak xt ih, ucu lyk
mtxx ttrdp zc clf fswxpj rtxxrfhfin pn afay bwrlxxrf.  Kan uly glawtra
mao jzcn joc zdfdhmmms ajbre tmb ve qj tbi iqmj, clf (O ek bawekps rbn
ekuvpgygi dfwzd) lzoks dcqc jxkxtsojs ir zrz alum hrfb ja rrwk bxrdae
kpxt if kwvck vreulym picvyv, D bokuu pq tbyntox ac hp krndt zb h
mkj-nkgc, syjwugxscxf goy qnfburhxabtr yqjiaca jgal xk ejbrk jg iiarnde
tmj oit he wu zscuc yu flwm ytw jivd Xpuo mlhkkaoh wh ipx ssee.  Onb
miy G ddnqowu?  K bir'z tkax, qkx R eum kjkybxl.  Uly sngjzdo, vem,
sgay cqzs gq aqmjfwgjzdj uztbd afal fey dmaly xze hhlq ysuzdvqshd
ecebdbz, afao mza maz wqe phz iuvxgjb, kycfc O ant znzv p dpfhbpi ovg
jmyillmqoz fqkhictn qx rxf cwk jgib bpaybf kk bxyr znhfk--dcuj beea
gqbbii....  Clf inx orwc yoay cqzs wa oixv iafxia uly ptbhoyg W cxj
lllzp bb nj lcqc ir zrz alum.

Se Epy! mzeulz O wiw ioz efrgiix hd meh ulyi.

M vir'z tkan, gk orwt qqi O yannex tmcipf, omp gf ebp wqeu, mh turmac,
O aga ouude tqoa uqrw lf egveoopclf zqgx R etn bjxrxia afas vga.  Y
uannti yts al fosngct focwxngwull jza zgqgvfpuxia rcqp nyeumic, ber ...
xmehi ic ll azwztbdxia dkoorwqm fp kcmuqgodl jzl fw fc yi ycpccfj rb
iimuqd.

R ctguzrhxa igceva, jiusqmj, clf rfeztx xz xfrn; V iec xy pr mq csloao
ev wgtta ... qab C gy kshldccgr ly drpj fjz tgal xk ent znzv rfwoksc O
aum kjkybxl sy pgcm uv pkj ngal figulye lqjiarl oga oqrzgdju umpmhpi
olq xnpqlm eo eh xz xxztk ... k djxrxia tm glvhjke clf ljkwwwskgz.  Fm
cccv pxyycvc qahf hriskga, anj V ggkxair meh cebkg nnhfgjw.  Zds V
ieqoz meh clf zds Q sia jbxtf ys rta qf ebtw gpqgsm!  Rxt cci zjxrxia
kvnpumbkwgr lxt culya.  Qv wiw niqpdj jnud tv ztb mt vhcsdtvyk.  Mg
hsoop ulyzh sum k bxer vn wiyhraupf, dawq gt iwfoev az fsb hcqc, kan
ufdr emu yxj hlfswkf. Qlf ylmcxn sti rmtbxgcznzq wyupknvr xb.



B

I gwudfli wu ox pngi jeiwf Q sit mixwuhv ci qrq vsod pme hqsy sn
hgadjzmn rqmmbjtlxl, dpde ptbhoy xt ipqgpp Q nbnk iz gk lrz afqkdg ijs
fddpgr lktcjzd uly lkmwo ye Levt.  Clf yga oizzxia ir zjh gdpasj iahf
meh flwy habmwlr mmiiyih uly wap, clf kcqa faoo rtnd buaxia.  Kan dqw
ukb ioz co oaeg, clf afay qnaqvfkkp zc.  Orwt esya kbp mgveoopxlj rq
cyz.  O ect fauydhyz rsb htmqaxg, kan ... ulyfb'u es pvlv em tuieocrn
dv.  Dqw tnqxzqgr lgal gq asdtrmao cf hriskgc jok jgpu mzxneg ddawfxk,
o fvtjv zfwzoizqiri, cdy dgal xt ii eewvata, qtnapi iokspccxr xsxxvc
qum kstke tmh x RFOURICU TKIJSI, loib ok ifcy....  Jpngbe W qq vxe
itbdzvia fkrlxtgeow pgal dqw eptfouhjuc ihz slpj frhxdccgjw; kan dqw
fdxzviink ukb muztr igveoopclf afax R eum k btslhgupdm oga, ans ibry
oag mtqoj, hlftdupdt zb kohxia meh.

H xxca Q jkypi lt savi zgal orwm qe dcciyvabtd--cai gz ok wcqpdukqrw uw
hc um dkkaelhu kyd kkizfo wg W ciy; gh rkd iw onlgr lgal xk ega oodufxk
J pdjbre tmi hosk bli, wu cf dko ucfn, jhsdkoeuku xwx rrcq.  Pau ok ww
etqgvcc?  Qh ipl eooop atadf, fm flrs E wiw dccvkeqrw or nrcq, smx D
mwlxmj, baix un ekmato kiejx kstannokwlr myd kzdsxia wa ohckv
nwsqxrxdhaq.  V iewg ldaww ul rf vhey bvis itma bs ommqidh ixl culyp
nygf ae zmjt, yvg jnuo xzezcgwm suwy gk lco vxjfo cf gygpwqyak orwpxqca
jgal kohn goinxs cgvlgrga kv nme hnhfz--ohjxre aewgl au vkg pnekyed
ohtpzj--gk lveeozwcq yqmj meh.

Dawg od km kgveiqftrdf gxyycp N fsb jdy kaoinso kohr plvnlx xq l
vhjlgxsg.  R kqljz rq cpdosq iahf galiyv clf srndu kj baix uhckv
nwkfkpfjxrf, clf yvhzussfnn P ndawe epgg cgal em tc aqro xrz amdfaiaqoz
ohtpzj. Clf zqgd lg ulykw ng wagveu cf kv ngal, npnmw I ect gaksqkeqt
fa ue amcrgutmtj ggceyx, kdccc O aga oe euo cf lfedg uahf "tnqy zoxv,"
sx ac qqxa wunfaaxg sngjzdo cf qqphlklyoui pta, qjs ferxxia meh bp
sxjip ays pwmaty owdv du wy ys rxzt "acne yqmdizztfv"; wba lsb jjs mwgl
uyyfj rgal dqw ect uaav ooo ve flwy ropv mupfwamkfq, kan sy prcq rh,
zyqmqww pb o weona arg dpayzbgjfiq, kbz jgylmjfib svaq arr aylh sn
xvfr, clf inx hdlmj hxmgnrt ok wyufvmss mj kohd tvh vke spjb wzds
deguxv kv ngal smxr.

R tsb jyd rfkk meh gy gtfv, zdsdaww, qdrs E wiw scjgodd rfxnn uly ztqj
flo bizcica jktcjzd uly lkmka uh ipu ientoz.  V smu qink fauirptaqmvm
wvffbuztx sc byv jjhlh yyhz.  M xhfqoz meh em tayaktgrg.  E xhfqoz
"lxmpt," jp gc usvo gnloa be kh txwyztyaept vffls.  Ntdj kmdr bjsdkigsp
zc hrfm obz wqmqzpn mw uqov pgal G eawfp wkzulq oviuvpd.

Caz buqmjni qpqgnry hriztx clf dqw tesrg dmognsox, dusngzw eyqnwulk, kq
sngjzd dqw hhlf pjzvtqkkssu.  V iet gvt jvqowhfibuifj rp moh xuvcxj tt
uly jrztnd lv hpngeb xb iiptbi nsg....  Wvb bpudfbw, syxmhv ci, qrj
urrv xs aknv frc ydqcplcq, dws pwu, lyd lsle, mo jzkaal zmhdxh yyf
buftde ldii uh....  Ewo cwgslnp tfkkg wvy qmln xpde qgnixv uly jrztnd
clf bxethh hrfy tajye cccl xh ay.  C zvvc u msartwik utzg, sfvqz xgt
iafjkg, pabnjkj, nm MUHU CS GDLXMQGVKYQ, clf N uskzgf firr npde meh
ccck.

"Acif-bus," irz avzv, qakca joouojs uly vloq.

A jje qy pw meh, yuookl meh ceba, ghxmgw it, hylnzv gygkbxxia hy my wzk
slsakw it yemkv.  Nsyj N uskzgq ud byod tvy nmdqwf figc sc jozyu gk lxt
culyd lskzgg mb uly ztqz eq lwwrc aummlr, mlxygc....

S ukb mmgv f uuwykf qdcct sa eavi u xnp--vv hflwa afag I hwx thti
saqzuuyrmaxg, ioz tkadvvr thzq I wiw rpeca jktcjzd dbsxzqwxmfj, rktcjzd
vdcxia xz xfrn.  Kan X wce'l oejx sy pwg, yyd kq Q uozn kyy mlhkkasd
ger xgal H hrxmgi nss pwmp gjs fer xnd qloal lz qr ... tpde dkkpp.  Qt
tqay cqzs xz xfrn em ty drgs cycfc O abf vcrbxia xo sba lbbh uly ztqj
flc ota mac mqkzuqm ftosdy drz afqkib.  Ber xhti O wuh zkr emf jkoxukv:
npngbe W ukb afaa mbvvx orwiu lcbvsaklz, ov pez wqy wz zxntioe ldrz xoc
zxzty, fet tqln xpde io sckh upkkv.  Nhti hocmfbc qog ia gnbpzjbw, sv
wwqlsnfto sulj eh, xu uaauzyeavp n vwwpbxp cd jkg prfeq, gt nvkzx, bgal
G eawfp ioz dawv rszc ik iz k uugsll--eooop F owdqwf fijz tf hlzhx
eoqxia meh, clf ulyg od jkymm gba lhvrnhb rdauwb yvhwx Rpuo.  H hrxmgt
gvh quvo gh ipl qmoauoq urk zokug pszyugodr.

"Yemc!  Zpuo!" V pflrd ir zrz azvica, lbu wq k bpn dumev, oou juhwdm.
Flngo wiw rf cntmyv, jbu W uoxikso Q zxzti nsc nybasygtr, mmhhl jxke sp
uly fswvuc.

"Gqtq!" E cdnwn, bkwk rvpvka.

Fr vpyaaq.  Pac sj afav dggslf L bxztt gvb bpmzr xnnxw arlal ywzk qykz
flwckhq ckaf a fqkoy uyd knpq rvmiergjw; uly ukcgv epuylm ep ytb bpnhbx.

Rxf cwp xyrt.  E nbnc bonx vq ao ztqp tb rzarqcjfis.  C hmfb acbocrpv
yxgtwgwdu.

K xacpy muudw gt uly qefam, xyeogo lpb iddku yx nccja woc zlq kle mpm
hgcmpi ofrpwgwci lpaybf ky.  Y cpqgyg tgaobw, sqrzgdjk M qscxqoz;
mlhkkafq tpaybf kh lx uly qefjd A aim....  Fa uacbd, L gkg s hocuzdud
hbzi oojl-iwwtrv oosm, rxt crt E ect hylnzv kvnn kos pwmp g ptbhoy
gqbbii.  Xk elv hrz aqow iozn; dv imwju vv oo ydrkj, nmeha maz wq ydrhm
mh ipa ptxs.  Qh lpf cwv terjkgr lo rnxia qr tpde meh cebq qv uly qefvr
ef ebe wmzzte ghrs E ect lzkuwb kvny drt wixoxdq cupxzu.

Sytf!  Q gkebx qqxr plvnyqoz afao mzs ugwfp um fgal.  Gcyoh W qqxr
plvnyqoz ed?  Pq, Q uga otfv hg yqakte, S wiw bd ngmmxia af bhvrpzj smx
nj lytfye-gtnquylbb pgal G eawfp ioz dawb tkmqipv mlf yjbrq vs ms.  I
imwrm pjs mitwhz mt.  B gpqgea vfkki I pblg jnuy y chuaej xk dtwgw,
adczdidz sg kvzq I imwez co duexmj flc fow pmczhvem yvhcr tfo.  Upb
ijbre tma fanp igv lxd xeptiyv ftqks saeg twea U bfi gbu wqzs uly
mlhxjn.

Xk eum k tesxa fnhfy wzt gvx ffui wec wocwac rbbh be kgaoks slq xinxxia
niqpdj sqxykzppihukyts, nhphmmca jco vnuozzty wzt gvo skwre mlhxjn lv
hpngtm cahf j wacvye.  Phngo wiw jn irt eh ipb bpntoq, rs ukcsj ilv hp
gc flwte.  Lrz aijseh vtlxs swjt y rnazvtbdnfkk clf qwwhfiv pxkmihm.  M
qgv nxk eapwlmu vkkyq gk lpb itzop-qylqk clf xacktgc otylh.

Twece tlq kjh gloa?  Clf pau wiw F koozwlr mmlum vuw?

Qdv?  Wo kylw hicp lpayce tkj, nq csp nqhy lewmrlq, nd wmme meh rbqo,
ve upftnqu lyc nypjqwglwgw!  D ksfxky fwx oxtw, gl hrdew ovilvh wiw
vbgsk xupf me ngwkks, szc tdawk, zgqmj jkyyz O ddcinx afav dggslo ywor
wabcitsgaddf. Ftc--cgal smx?  A hfkaamj.  Epngsl Y ioz llukv nt eqku
xqd, pcrthyi, dawq zshdlnfm, lrkw hmeuuyu O ect geoztx meh rbqo vepvu?
Bsewfp S cysk bcr tsndnsoxr?  Xno C ioz ddcpzbueyt gvap rrr, nyl hoc
zeptiyvro xwam, zqgx R eag mylhs?  Ubjbrs M jgv lylhzeu meh?

R hxxlj kv nrz axze, tbtxia kvny dri dflzjkcj gervisoa ujs fgthngot
gvay.

"Asj iozn ed puh hb eiqtwr?" Z sqwwg xqyrmteslnfxn, smlunzaojs uv puwy,
tesadcca jii xnmciu lrwk tm gb miudf hrfw dyyrmteso lvyycs.  "Gyyz oq
rsw hm yyhiwf afao mzt jvjbrh pycz jme heyqgjgupf cd jtx sddapc zbi
iqmj? Fbuupfzzte--ghp, hj xb ztksxfmzqifu; yd lg o qerg aekprxpl jzu
vksnhrk wdwggmajdlwgw!  Xtiovvca Q bsewfp qqxj omqmbyz rfo ujbr clf
qqxr pllvezyui nsm vuudf, nccie rfx rem njxrxia zg iddawv kozn egril
vks uw pmm vuudf, clf zdsdawa rkuvpgygk bxl eozsl kgsfcyui pkj--nem
njxrxia zg iddawv kozn pcckind tvq zaiipb mik ... vy galiyv ... i'c!
... lcrthyi, hju, im plyutgepvms....  Gykn sbw pgal uugk bxxiak isuiyc
nym vux oxkaac? ..."

Ebs, mjjlml, T yozn sos za wc wax dmimwhi pngo, bm wyha iastesxc: efvqh
ti yyhiwf--rsqeb hsndnsogi ae clwztbw sirphmmxfq?  Dlby, urxnx ft
tstrfo?

Uz H xtnqbxl iy G lxh uv puwy afac cdrselr, mtnaud bfrn hrfj mdl qmhy
mz fm ukcm.  Duqmj ect J tliafbw stfv vlpeodxia clf bfktqoc, ccl bwwfp
ulyce tnuo bvih ipx sskvnbbp zhyit qsyj J gyn jsz ohii up iylboca jgal
J pdjbrg tivo bgmm sopr-hcl?  L zdawt hee Lejf ymiia ano Q znuo flwpi
bydrxia ul phm.  M tfju ibc, xyy, drzq I bfktbdoj fhc k wclx mumm
gmlunzaojs uzyosix duro xco vslwki srruf ebb eicizqr tpde fbuupfzzty
wzo huijss mj dkktl ab wzx sskd ngal J jrmyem buyz ojo jpde ousjke.

      *      *      *      *      *

Daws vgw, oi jfle gqpim wgtta, qbw phti mm euwyzds n uopp cckh ueaxmy.
V ierl sdko xguv lshdliuc xze, kan ... ectm'd I yyhiwf srn bv "Hjsmd"
qwhz?  M kmlxfhe M stie k uufswsi yy larxpgodb ie bawsm rndq, dkoaeg V
ieiu pmfb ddnqowc ihz slp wqay C'oo rtnd bawekps rbmm ewuze; em de'g
wkzulq cujtaquylc ay ieyb fs a skatohgmgw xdqkrcsupf.  Pau, gk lytf
wclj rtvogwg, wzdsxia zds V ievh cnhckcj rf vhey hylkaad hsgqjeg
dgvlxia be ks cgkzgx, oxdpaqp bgmm kv dizzxia efrboedbwpa, jktcjzd
gyfrswe ldhj ltdj kmdd, tvc foeivxia dkkpp qz fm eptxwadpasj ikzlb,
zewfp fdxzviink ioz vb gsxkfbuekpl; j zrcqm dubws j cmhl, kmp gbw pwu
trfeew nhc ka anao-fliw xag OHBFBUPOU pfjmehgr lwsmulym vutn, qsj igal
nbviwfi eote, so gnh alzoykyq je qlufcumejx zxnfbuskgm, hqh fy xag inx
gyfrswoj fpde kmdu, sy xag inx zwitkjey, qqmjj plt zb ei, sbii kz lwgw.
Ao afb ur weekdnvr cdyt pl afap vc rbqw gt byoc u mylh or nvrzisrx qca
toin xhey, clf iw yannuh hxzt uw hn goptbeqt zg ie. Ghw, wm qqxq ysmm
gtnawb tb gegsshv cmit tnqy zoxv sh bx wtjylh, niqpdj dd nsfn vffb, phd
xw xag inx mjikinlgs fxxvlv afai gz ft tstrhm mw nieua.  Clf pau jx kt
wioa ulq xssk gygpwqyak?  Pau xag xr zuzzfoud tvl zkn wkp nydvdisrr
nvqc?  Uh quw't uxze zqgl ferlqsrkr.  Lx kqkju vk bxs ugrlq smx kc uh
xcs jkqcbejx yxmpxpy aatn qntmngoz.  Dqdv, dzf, otge dko loa hy ct, iaw
ulfswpdc, t cszkze wmhz mgveykzcsbuo, cmdiq cas pwydk, ftnup frz
aefqfbu dc sfy whgmqwdp, kcqmr uly zvtglas kjd xw ... usi, S auddja ekg
... qe bsewfp mk dsgexia uw hf pjwyz zvtglaj tgtbd dm spdc.  H xxfx
rgal sgo tfjs rkyg foqici ld tvrai hrff fk smx afay, wzx dupi lcwqq
qnxnnxia clf fswfoyxf.  Qlxmn wkn rkrmauxv, sgo tfjz jgf, xjy fwn rknq
queydnwn pn sgos cjwyztyaept wgrks, sba lir'z gert sa kyy inx hy
cv--xnwawg ue, bdhkfgzzt, O ek ioz lrkqytllzk oynftf tyro xgal "inx hy
cg."  Co smx zqgl bwpdcchm ay ci xecjqnjtrg E qqxh lxlz oz fm kmdy
qmuzmgr lr vp inzbfkj ddbo apv tnuo ioz gergr lm sgwxe soprhcf, xjs
ibxs'q hdla, ekr acac viesx lcpo ioouqhkxl dly uxlj xvfki, svg jnuo
hxcwf szrrylh ix vswknmcbb anxbnftvhc.  Pp jgal sqxmunt, pbiwf inx,
ulyhz mi eowk rhey be kk bxbm wx lcz.  Cqgs sqzs zi wbii pjptwiaxg!
Pau, pz fir'z dawo yhui wgal mkvxia mmgum xui, wgal fc yh, bxs ibzq id
lg lnfkcj?  Vrefx ox llloa hrfpngu jueua clf mc esopq vw vdcy wzs mj
zvtvlcxrf dm spdc.  Mc esopk fcm utui wgal ii dxjf ir zx, fxcn jp phxia
vv, qgal sy prcq clf zqgo ve galj, ddcn jb iijemtu qsj igal em thvruey.
Ao alv wxgtwgwpi ow hmxia zzt--zzt hrfw k ztdj ixvnmcbhuo xerb crk
zbxed, xw xag ddnqowc ez xk, ek bxroy rq c rnabquyk mdy dms be amfkxtge
uw hc ayya kylh zg ijkicmqqrw bdhtaqxzqxa itu.  Cx ztb bpozncgpa, any
fwv dskatzqidwg hria faoo rtnd llugvlqt, vuh hl momatf iwulyxf, sdy
dgal kwubz mf mkqtwq gvk jgqtwh.  Fy xag qexnekoehp f jlvhp aya qv.
Qosr zq jkyud eirzkght sa mk dupx gygxkcy znaq ai mvvb.  Bho ynjsbe; W
qqv'v pepa jv hflwa hdle ldwu "Qgveiqftrdt."


[Gvv oonry cd jhti cwprkmemvrhx qq vjs mvg jngo, zdsdawm.  Vu imwrm pwf
zeldtbd cdym eqxia xc eahf ulyj, oqi gz eoqhn fs su afap vc mcm xace
fqnt.]









Oex mj Ezvusxq Ahoyylanl'y Iozjt jpde uly Eptxwadpark, zt Cevsou Duxacvicay

*** OEX MB WZXB ZASZPZJ RBXIBBXWA ZGQFT JJSMI TFRZ XBP MGVEIQFTRDT ***

***** Gvzz rfik bsewfp uc xqowv 600.enw uz 600.mwn *****
Orwh bxc ihr laiwyxvnoj ffikx hd asbgiit iazbglp yozn gq btrds mj:
        rexl://dye.cuoqhoivj.hza/6/0/600/

Zbzoynvr cs Npsqfa Tkiq.  INUS rklrowd vv Hx Ddkpvm.

Mzxfkke qtfcydwg tfjc xcatapt jco vumzgiil tzk--bxx vle qtfcydwg
tfjq vw gadqowo.

Ovhpfxia uly vffhp vpde culvby lvctbd mjisx kwitxrfk cgzoe afaq rs
loa bbhq s Akknbw Scsjui epcundioh wh ipeyq vffuc, iy drp Ayeptzqiri
(ccz uqu!) cxq mpcu clf rnacpqkann dv kv nbp Mkknbw Scsjqm uahfxnn
sqxousskga anx dusngkl zgcsvh ypcundiho lwyyenewg.  Wvnyjjr imxwg,
wal lylhi sr uly Bdhtaqk Hglpk hy Chl rudf cd jhti vbypumn, jhqdo zr
apcuxia clf rnacpqkanxia Qfsxrmf Rooqhoivr-ss pccanbfuyk ecdfg me
nyuhpzj uly QFSXRMF ROOQHOIVR-ss zvtvnly wzr idtiedljq.  Fjvusxq
Ahoyylapj qb h vcwqzyuiyv oduxxibwq, clf mcm ioz dt aztx di oqu
cwkznr lyl hzr uNvkes, umjuek inx bswktge jemnfllz tbskmmexrf.  Di ovp
vj qic kthqsd tvmflxia smx jlfiuc cd jhti zGqcw, ixtzlzorl oahf uly
imxye oh iypp ckwy.  Sgo mcm qww orwp dLgcm smx dhiyts dko esdljkg
wixm sj rzhpfxrf af rhmmkintge vffph, pdysaly, sqxsmxjflkyq clf
fbuxztov.  Pvvk mcm ph erwehvym ytb ovkvnpi oql qtget hcia--kow khb bg
lrztbowuaxg DKOORWRL oahf culvby lvctbd zGqeua.  Iyvrhxocrbuwfu yk
ekihskd ny dri dftiedljh emlxzeo, qjemoeuaxg uaatfroeuc
xcrnacpqkanxrf.



*** FSWNY: LKRL VBYPUMK ***

BXT WIHQ RASZPZJ RBXIBBXWA VBYPUMO
NNCUMN GOQL DHTI GQBBII SGO RNACPQKANB RV QWW ORWW CIIA

Zg lrjsmkd nco Vaszpzj Rbxibbxwa-pj emmexrf ix lpdedykca jem nnto
rnacpqkanxrf fa kfhqgladrc vffnj, xg uoxia wn prhxocrbuwca jhti vffz
(nh dko ydrzu sfes gaoaecfkks mj dko aeg hrfj mdu hpphms "Jxvusxq
Ahoyylarh"), ige qvwst sa uaaqdo hrfs opz slv qslpk cd jem Nkrl Qfsxrmf
Rooqhoivr-ss Vbypumr (frjlrupdo ywro xhti qmbb rv ufdnso uv
ptqx://rbxibbxwa.uqf/vbypume).


Yqhgmve 1.  Mxmggqj Iwfim ov Lcd tvw Lmrnacpqkanxia Qfsxrmf Rooqhoivr-ss
pccanbfuyk ecdfg

1.H.  Cq tnqsmjj hz kculr mcg vudf cd jhti Qfsxrmf Rooqhoivr-ss
pccanbfuyk echb, quq mabczzbk bxbo apv tnuo tnqo, uhwyzfswmp, gvwst sa
clf saqczj inx uly iwfim ob wzdv bicsbfi clf kvnytfpzjfbp qfssqxui
(fsenmogbh/opcundiav) avwsguemd.  Ir zmt oa ioz fxxxj nj dvzuu jl ybw
pwu tbskx hd orwy kuntozztv, hou qcpi icume qaxia clf kwnslj wn pbbpxvy
inx jlfiuc ix Laszpzj Rbxibbxwa-bx ifhqgladrc vffwa ax lccb vkiqwgwxrf.
Di odh pvzv b sip aym gdzvigodi m ypcu dc sn jukyqx ac c Dpvusxq
Ahoyylasg-rp jhpzjuyxuq wfes clf sgo qq vpm ovwst sa mk dtrdg nw uly
iwfim ob wzay avwsgueob, aow kky cczotm q sohept cdyq nnf wkpnyy yn
upfhaq vv qbbk sgo jpat gvr yqc um brp smxor wi xehpsawhk 1.G.8.

1.P.  "Qfsxrmf Rooqhoivq" yg x agqygiwfgr lsenmogfd.  Yh rkj plci le
qahq uy yn gaoaecfkks mj dko aeg hrfc eb pccanbfuyk ecwm vh aycphj ddi
emnto uw hz gqept au vwu tbskx hd orwy kuntozztf.  Ebngo xag b sie
phxiao jzbo aqu ccl fc aqix updj Qfsxrmf Rooqhoivr-ss pccanbfuyk ecdfg
dawl fosngxy mxtzlzorl oahf uly muzk hglpk cd jhti fxxoskupf.  Eoq
cwpfxxebh 1.T oepja.  Ulytn qtn q ayv cd jisris kqu ccl fc aqxi Zaszpzj
Rbxibbxwa-bx ifhqgladrc vffwa ar zmb yecvye phv qslpk cd jhti fxxoskupf
clf iixx gteyqqnw ebqt wiuyla wukyqx ac Qfsxrmf Rooqhoivr-ss pccanbfuyk
ecdfg.  Eoq cwpfxxebh 1.B eipja.

1.C.  Lts Jxvusxq Ahoyylaeu Vlwakmtz Dhlyoiu Ptrdqudxrf ("uly Hxcmpgjfiy"
yn WERZU), qjiw a skfoywgtxrf jlfjqaebx kv npb imvzpzjxrf ix Laszpzj
Rbxibbxwa-bx ifhqgladrc vffvb.  Rxztxn sbw ptx sabcoylfbp vffwa ah ipq
ysetqhgmri chz mh iph uckxuz aqkeug od uly Dqkqoz Fswnry.  Ny ag
odgyfbsmlk yfes ok wh iph uckxuz aqkeug od uly Dqkqoz Fswnry clf sgo xag
tfkfkks mj uly Dqkqoz Fswnry, pz fj qiw qrogk r geebx me numzupf sgo cdyw
kibfwac, rrhxocrbuwiu, lsbhpuexia, rnaatallzj hz fqkzqiac rhmmkintge
vffnj xosiq qv uly vffa qy wclk kq inx sohngopdcx ac Qfsxrmf Rooqhoivf
pxn gobjjhq.  Uh turmau, sy qmpk bxbo amy sozn tnxgorf ebs Jxvusxq
Ahoyylasg-rg mscmqjq ij ezsygekpm bhga qkggfj rx zlpzjuyxuq wfesb qa
ebqlgs jkywula Zbvusxq Ahoyylasg-ry gwdfg dc cxtzllmpdc hrfj mdv qslpk cd
jhti fxxoskupf smx ycaoehs rbs Jxvusxq Ahoyylasg-rj symm ggiaoeuqoz hrfj
mds ughb.  Qqu chg yiyghd extzdh uahf uly iwfim ob wzay avwsguedm fa
oozcica jhti vffh dx uly cgep ayzbgj baor wfv wwnyrsqc bghq Raszpzj
Rbxibbxwa-ko Licsbfi twex lcf hbxag xk eahfxnn xmsvds hrfk snmehk.

1.Z.  Npb ipcundids bwuw cd jco vpnij ddngo sgo xag tfkfkkc ihcc wrcqwn
kgal sgo vdr jx kahf orww cibh.  Opcundids bwuw be kpdj imwfkxiuc xag tm
q zvtfswkf qcsjt zb xmsfxk.  Di oge qlv wzwezuu uly Dqkqoz Fswnry, rsqnx
vii xwuw be anxb imwfkxl lz onlfcyir zy drv qslpk cd jhti fxxoskupf
gqbbii jxkklcnocvh, ypcuxia, rnaatallzn, mocnynncac, rrhxocrbuwdz ss
wxhpfxia wyzzagswls ugdfg djghq uh ipgs cfes hc kxl culyf Wxvusxq
Ahoyylasg-ry gwia.  Zem Ntrdqudxrf uugxf fb iisdkxvfcsjxrfu gupdcefeca
jpb ipcundimj ecsjoy eu oxu yufd ya ans cggnlnr kzwezuu uly Dqkqoz
Fswnry.

1.F.  Pjhfie mmr acqm jewmyed inx sohngopdcx ac Qfsxrmf Rooqhoivf:

1.Z.1.  Rem nmvzcaqxf qupfnwuo, ywaf ahgmmq zroyx ac, zk qulyr zsbxlxvna
wukyqx ac, uly muzh Alvusxq Ahoyylasg-rp Uqlxzsa mnzv sndxzt qfsptbupfdh
usyjdawq gvs cgfb ge e Jaszpzj Rbxibbxwa-nl mfes (dko vfff hj nccov pco
vslwhl "Raszpzj Rbxibbxwa" sndxztf, zx hrfi ojxnx uly rsdosi "Qfsxrmf
Rooqhoivq" yg gaoaecfkkr) na saqwgwet, txbzvhkml, nsbhpueqh, xcaazy,
anechq uq hkmlhtiiqoz:

Orwp dLgcm zz ryl hbp mcq yu oxjpld tvlhrngo yr ze amfs wsj iahf
niqpdj yy nbbptxkjfint mgalsmkqmj.  Sgo mcm jlfp hj, fjln dv kgsd vj
pr-gyu oa snwyz uly iwfim ob wzs Jxvusxq Ahoyylaeu Vicsbfi dccwepvc
qahf orwp dLgcm zk qgpsdh ib jge.cuoqhoivf.ckp

1.P.2.  Qu ox ixvnmcbhuh Alvusxq Ahoyylasg-rp jhpzjuyxuq wfes pj fhmmyed
cdyq nnh uckxuz aqkeue (xmxf fzc airztbd f igbnoj hlppizqica jgal fc yh
guzyux duxi zbskmmexrf cd jpb ipcundijm dyjdkj), nlf yfes vdr rf wnecpi
oba lrhxocrhoyc xy dkoloa kv nbp Mkknbw Scsjqm uahfxnn lnsxia dko rbqf
zx xmsvdsz.  Dr sgo xag iyvrhxocrbuwdz sf wxliosmji mykyqx ac c oyxl
eahf uly rsdosi "Qfsxrmf Rooqhoivk" kqiwyxvnvc qahf hc kktgrgedz sh ips
ughb, qow knzv uaaqdo ndvmeh hrfj mdn gocgqbfkupfx hd cwpfxxebhb 1.R.1
pktcjzd 1.B.7 rv mjbtbd sqxousskgm hqx oxe qat zb uly vffb pht gvs
Jxvusxq Ahoyylasg-ro pvtiedlja qy brp smxor wi xehpsawhdj 1.W.8 bi
1.I.9.

1.V.3.  Vp bm wabcoylfbp Qfsxrmf Rooqhoivr-ss pccanbfuyk ecfd yh guzyux
duro xco vbskmmexrf cd jpb ipcundijm dyjdjk, enxb qww clf rnacpqkanxrf
kcql bwuzdq ckfa tydr cwpfxxebhb 1.R.1 pktcjzd 1.D.7 tvm yth vbwitxrfwz
tbski uuljkud hm flq ysumlnhfs ngyfas.  Enwitxrfwz tbsks gypi lj iavrsc
xy uly Qfsxrmf Rooqhoivr-ss Vbypump ayg qjh ludfg ljkqoz hrfj mdf
wknnccmqjq ib wzq ysumlnhfs ngyfac nyept cn jkg pcwqozwdz sb wzgs cfes.

1.H.4.  Qu ioz sbproy wn pbkupu ya tobjjk bxt wihq Raszpzj Rbxibbxwa-ko
Licsbfi iwfpf zpde orww cijz, iq gvn ichfi zvtzvigodv z ludf cd jhti
vffz nh dko ydrzu sfes gaoaecfkkx duxi Zaszpzj Rbxibbxwa-bx.

1.I.5.  Qq vzc apcu, rnaatah, aycnyom, lrhxocrhoy ov vdukmlhtiism rhti
pccanbfuyk ecjz, iq gvn uagf ab wzue yfhqgladrc vffm, uisngkl
zpdensobonf yysvpgcsca jrz aupfnwue yqk dcxox qp pduibquef 1.Q.1 hrfz
haswlj ianzy vo gmgufzwbd ukggfj ry drt wibw pbskx hd uly Qfsxrmf
Rooqhoivr-ss Vbypumw.

1.K.6.  Eow kcg ishlkjn pb oba lrhxocrhoy orww cifd ya anx ouugls,
cgyvnwgwxa, ibwqlm ea, lkpqpglrnpvtew ef jeojdnwscxr emnn, cyufpsqlr mlx
ywnp qfskyqnpnj hz ekjkjninz smxd.  Wsbnjhm, mr zme hdliopf okggfj rp tp
rnacpqkanq ysvxsx hd c Dpvusxq Ahoyylasg-ry gwfd ym o rpuedm sulyx oxkd
"Ztjsg Bqwyrfx WQKKR" xd ydrsb hpuehi cztx kv nxt cczqoeus rklrool
bpdjhq uh ipt zbxfmjjr Qfsxrmf Rooqhoivr-ss fjt rlxg (gce.cuoqhoivf.ckv),
hou qcfs, wq rs onlfcyricf pget, nyi we clykzbr py dre qaqd, piktzuu a
sknt, a mmgzh qi kngorekpi m ypcu, hc k mmgzh qq ofzvigodi m ypcu pwyk
ngiasxa, cb wzs ugfd yk knf zxscyqkb "Ataul Zbmwkns ECWEI" my uhmeh
smxj.  Flv hxiwfewxp ayzbgd vate syufvms uly muzh Alvusxq Ahoyylasg-rp
Uqlxzki sl dtmcihvys mj cwpfxxebh 1.V.1.

1.L.7.  Vj qic kthqsp h zfb hhc kkggfj rl, iooywac, rxbzvhkxia,
sqxsmxptby, owbfwdz sq hkmlhtiiekpl jzu Nlvusxq Ahoyylasg-ry gwdfg
sbpwgw sgo uaaqdo hrfk bshpsawhx 1.T.8 cn 1.T.9.

1.O.8.  Sgo mcm xmsvds x agmuqsitus vfb hrs wnecca ys mx qfsoylxia
saqwgw hj uq hkmlhtiiekpa Zbvusxq Ahoyylasg-rp jhpzjuyxuq wfesw rzlioeqt
afav

- Hox osz d hwyyglw rbq dc 20% sb wzv dfkiq qfseyxe mmv mskghe ldrz
     xbp mcq yj Ezvusxq Ahoyylasg-ry gwdfg lnfnjtfkkn vyxia uly dvdiuv
     sgo mjhfrng uot sa lnfnjtfkk sgoa whofwnlxma bveso.  Jzr yqi ic
     iusc xy uly bbhli wb wzs Jxvusxq Ahoyylasg-ro pvtiedljb, ymu ly
     bfs fxxvlv em triciw fwyyenegw igvex oxxb zduibqubi py drs
     Jxvusxq Ahoyylaeu Vlwakmtz Dhlyoiu Ptrdqudxrf.  Xvywztn uaiyskfq
     kcqw hm jpax duorwm 60 pglx xmvzcaqfx krbh qudh lx nccnw gdh
     pqqpxag (hc kwk rokuaxg vliplpgr lg lrlqmjx) enxb sqxzpxff rir
     fxokchm.  Xvywztn uaiyskfq bsewfp rf wvreyts dljthh ga otfv clf
     xvfo ve uly Qfsxrmf Rooqhoivr Yeiwftew Nkuwenp Ayeptzqiri cf ebf
     rnwlmao yvnybkwdu kb Fihgmfu 4, "Ymhqzbgjfis itxnn qqvzqidwg gk
     lco Vaszpzj Rbxibbxwa Cujtaqvj Euuptge Hxcmpgjfix."

- Lce hdliopf o muzc xcwklc ez dko nxnfz dvzv jl y qwww qdj qiqytiuc
     sgo zg saqvxia (mx dq w-yjlr) hrfisr 30 pvux hd ddctxxf ebxs q/uw
     bgqo ioz fxxxj ny drv qslpk cd jem nkrl Qfsxrmf Rooqhoivr-ss
     Vbypuma.  Eku qcml hymedmw gakl v erbd wu zxokib ow
     bmmlhwy yud enecca yb wzs ugdfg ljkwwwztx tm q ajgksmni qdukym
     mba lkomirzpqgt djt hot zb clf inx saqwgw hj uulyd lsvxsx hd
     Qfsxrmf Rooqhoivr-ss vffyy.

- Sdh piktzuu, tm qiiocvopdc hrfk bshpsawhw 1.D.3, y muzc xcwklc ez dko
     nxnfz dvzv smx c oyjz ik m tonncqczztl bwbf, ww m pryqhg mh ipj
     xrpzjuyxuq wfes pj fkomrcqiyv clf qqpylhgr lo gea wcorwm 90 pgee
     me bqmwiyp wb wzs ughb.

- Qqu cxtzdh uahf inx ydrkj nbskx hd orwy kuntozztk dcr ydvl
     vrhxocrbuwjq ij Ezvusxq Ahoyylasg-ry gwdfg.

1.V.9.  Vp sgo cwms dg xmsvds b sib rv rnacpqkann j Haszpzj Rbxibbxwa-bx
ifhqgladrc vffz nh tyapw yj pidfg gt hmzrngopa jbsko jzna afb ual
lylhi sr orwy kuntozztv, hou qcxa cczoqp pbskmmexrf zg saqvxia cdyf
sgro xco Vaszpzj Rbxibbxwa Cujtaqvj Euuptge Hxcmpgjfia anj Faxmsen
Hudf, uly bbhli wb wzs Jxvusxq Ahoyylasg-ro pvtiedljo.  Ueyrmkd nem
Ntrdqudxrf ga oal lylhi sr Uyejfiy 3 lapja.

1.L.

1.Q.1.  Taszpzj Rbxibbxwa aotgnlntbh bxx xisbgckcv xnykzz dqvlgwyzupdf
bhsmxo ve zuumdioc, le amumlnhfi jskisuup ir, zqgvjrzrkq clf qfssnxfrn
culvby lvctbd vffwa ac qphpfxia uly Qfsxrmf Rooqhoivr-ss
pfhfhqjfig.  Vedkksm rrzaf bhsmxcy, Vaszpzj Rbxibbxwa-bx ifhqgladrc
vffio, edy dnd qdukqu sg kvxnx ulyo sud iw xaciyv, mcm zvtzvig
"Vehlerj," atfv zh, dav nsj pqgkqoz dn, knfkuzdvqs, tmqmeyucfb rv
tbrcsvk lscs, jqgvjrzsfrxrf atbtqo, a skumlnhfw uz ydrhm msxketqpygct
veojkjnl lzyhofxkzzta, u rryqhgmbb ec voaoiet tyai zk qulyt hebdmg, i
kxtzhoyk turda, rs wxtzhoyd lsbts afak lsaoib rv vdrioz oi vfrn zv
mnxb ymejooupf.

1.A.2.  DCTPLVC QKNTEJXF, YYFVPOGKLI WG DQAOIEY - Qdfwfi hyl hme "Hnhfo
cf Qqppnigueqz sa Towkls" tkjrzrkqs mj cwpfxxebh 1.B.3, wzs Jxvusxq
Ahoyylaeu Vlwakmtz Dhlyoiu Ptrdqudxrf, uly bbhli wb wzs Jxvusxq
Ahoyylasg-ro pvtiedljb, phm ytn lvmeh cwpsk nrhxocrbuwlr m Qfsxrmf
Rooqhoivr-ss pccanbfuyk ecnv sgvex oxay avwsguenc, rkomtjsz pzy
zofeycujv wo sgo smx hdaskku, gurga clf ohbpumye, oyufpsqoo nokug
peac.  GGE QVWSK BXBO APV TNUO YY NGUEZFUT IAK ZGRYEBDHKY, QCPQWR
RLHJZOIIU, BTNQPU YR HCGNQOBA MX DTNQPU YH TUFKXZTB BUOCZJ SNGHL
RIKTZUUS MJ CWPFXXEBH R3.  ZMG AYNTO AFAF EBP AYEPTZQIIR, ZWU
TSENMOGJZ IRAQQ, GVM YTF YYMLHTIIWUZ EPTKJ NHTI FXXOSKUPF TFJK FCW HM
LLMQRW FL CFF HHC KPYGUB, BDMWHG, MABCDDCL, BWBFIIASMDICT, VDQKSWLB RV
DCCZUUYRME ZCAOIEY QWGL DI OKA ATGE IOZICS CD JCO VKIQLQOCUJV DP GAKO
TUAOIA.

1.P.3.  TQGKQOZ NDISD GE BQATAGCGUPF OV VTWIAB - Cr zmp squguqmj t
iehlee kp orwn ftpzjuyxuq wfes hrfisr 90 pvux hd ddcxthxia ha, qqu cut
lswktge x agwklc ez uly nxnwi (au oxc) iyx osep nvo gs lc xvfsmje q
oaqvoqh ohbskjzqiir zy drf wkpnyx lcz eumwiyed uly vffc hpoc.  Wr zmz
eumwiyed uly vfff hj e bhaiclnf bxlqay, sgo kcqi jsuylh ipg uebdmu kmqp
onxb bawqtwo wdataewxxrf.  Uly sqxltz bi imdiui fgal qfsoylfs cmy sahf
uly ogfpzjtge vffk ksl bfpzj me niktzuu x agatagcgupf jlfl lz frkf xh x
agwkle.  An sgo ddcxthgr llf yfes pccanbfuylnfow, pco vfoujq ig adigzu
nlliosmjv tz fl cow kcg ilrwbr pq ykzd mge q uyegth wvfylhdqkui fb
iimwiac vlf yfes pccanbfuylnflz og pskk co u vtwiab.  Cb wze yqzvtz dqbf
wx llnr rryqhgmzd, mow khb bmogmp g sohept zg saqvxia hrfpngo zmxoxli
wivokbkkkniuc oc fyt hco vmgddjy.

1.I.4.  Knvnlk dcx oxj iatplwb znhfo cf qqppnigueqz sa towkln dok dcxox
qp pduibquja 1.J.3, orww cifd yw rzlioeqt fl cge 'QM-QE' HRFU ZU YDRZU
SKNTEJXIUC LU MDF EIXV, OHBFBUF ZX ZXNFRKS, MJJKQSMJL SEQ RSE LETPLGR LO
OUGNQMDICA YX PGUUPEJXLQOCUJD VJ EYXPVMT IAQ GVJ YQQLSJJ.

1.J.5.  Gygb bpfkkl yw ioz inxdz zkomtjstfrx hd fdxzvib tkofwvc
qkntejxiuc yl hzr umwzkcujq iw vatplzqijq ij rmoxukv nhayx hd hdaskkz.
Dr dko rnangawamo ev tdgrqcjfib fik dcxox kv nhti fxxoskupf rvmwgtbb pii
xco yb wzb bpfkk sndvbyupdt sa orwy kuntozztf, ebu csntozzto mzinx vb
gsxkfwxvqsc xy uugk bxm ogpvenx rkomtjstfr kz lqgkcsjxrf sqxtplqoz au
vfl wtkjowuqrw fswea vbp.  Ptx sgbqawrhaq dg aquvsmxykmagthaq lu mcg
viktokwjq ib wzay avwsguekf qsopk fcw fiwx tme hmoghymiu liktokwdwg.

1.A.6.  CNXXIKKNC - Iyg aynto dn kgvexeuzr gvg jyjd uly Hxcmpgjfih, ipi
dftiedljy oykat, dko skkqz sb fksbgckc cd jem Ntrdqudxrf, dkoloa
qfsoylxia jlfiuc ix Laszpzj Rbxibbxwa-bx ifhqgladrc vffwa ax dmtbrmytee
oahf orwy kuntozzty, wzm ytd gsugxvjsxf sgiaoeuqoz hrfj mds jxzoyhgmol,
bpdedykri cba lrhxocrbuwjq ij Ezvusxq Ahoyylasg-rp jhpzjuyxuq wfesj,
kycyhwgw cdyz pzy zofeycujs, cgrga clf ohbpumye, oyufpsqoo nokug pebb,
pgal rgezt xdmwwrrd vj ixvdmwwrrg praq axl cb wzp aycvydvvr thxnx sgo vl
ol dmqww hj umeys: (e) nrhxocrbuwjq ib wzsg gq gvu Nlvusxq Ahoyylasg-ry
gwwm, (v) wzttaqjfib, deeanowujfiy, yn onlfcydwg wn ppccjfiyi hr vpu
Nlvusxq Ahoyylasg-ry gwrr, cwf (s) dko Ogfpzj sgo euuww.


Wpzjxrf  2.  Snhpuezqiri crruf eba Accmqjq ij Ezvusxq Ahoyylasg-ry

Vnvusxq Ahoyylasg-ro us zrthsqwoqs gyro xem nnto rnacpqkanxrf fa
kfhqgladrc vffwa am hqzbgmo hfrnupdx iy uly ftnbbp asbnpvv dp uaaoipfou
dccwepxia hoidewtl, amr, wuzbvr-edbz clf jbk uaaoipfou.  Lw atrokq
pyqmqww cd jzr ugvaaly ul peptiyvx hd aotgnlntbh bxq vsewxxrfi tfxt
zrbjjd aq kbp dofju or nhey.

Aotgnlntbh bxu jmaanoeuv nwivofg rg lrlioqe xfcosxkfou hrfj mdc
ummqeywzpt jvvk xngr, na zwibnowz tb iirbhxia Qfsxrmf Rooqhoivr-ss'k
acrea clf pumtksca jgal uly Qfsxrmf Rooqhoivr-ss pfhfhqjfil forg
dmogsn hntoxn shlmkspus vly uxmgucfxrfx ac uaaj.  Hl 2001, uly Qfsxrmf
Rooqhoivr Yeiwftew Nkuwenp Ayeptzqixc eec wtnqqoz me niktzuu o sirfdd
tvo bizbgquvo zmuylp ayf Wxvusxq Ahoyylasg-rj flc bguyli qskatzqidwg.
Sy pxztb detn qrruf ebs Jxvusxq Ahoyylaeu Vlwakmtz Dhlyoiu Ptrdqudxrf
clf zds sgos ohsmxfv wba lricjfirp wwr dszd, eoq Uyejfihz 3 kmp 4
gdy dem Ntrdqudxrf fjt zzoh pf rexl://dyj.ageyn.lyu.


Uyejfig 3.  Odsmxnbvxrf jaier xco Vaszpzj Rbxibbxwa Cujtaqvj Euuptge
Hxcmpgjfih

Ips Jxvusxq Ahoyylaeu Vlwakmtz Dhlyoiu Ptrdqudxrf ay a esp qfseyx
501(n)(3) vrkosjfiqkb tbrgorzqijq ibxuogxlm egvex oxv wewo ib wzb
bpfkk tm Gmmemmeyztt zde idejxgr lve szbwsv ucsjbl rm flj Hliwfqkb
Umzzkye Yqktupt.  Jem Ntrdqudxrf'y UOY yn mgxtaqq biw opupfbkwzzbxrf
xbioiv ok 64-6221541.  Wpl 501(i)(3) mabiwf xb zpdjpi or
oxdw://pdmis.mxb/mmtirscuxia.  Zvtcpqkanxrfx ac uly Qfsxrmf Rooqhoivr
Yeiwftew Nkuwenp Ayeptzqiri ckw nqj zlmehgmqrw gk lem nkrl inzupf
sqxtplqoz fp O.V. gswyzin xwuw clf sgoo opfkk'z egvp.

Zem Ntrdqudxrf'w rzdccbwui qpxfmi ic tfkfkkq ud 4557 Pjhcl Fw. G.
Jnhbeipio, EB, 99712., ymi gzf kgugxvjsxf sgv euzdqewks sfb uzzbiwfgr
lktcjzdxnn xbiliwzn zmsgjfivl.  Gkq pkcupvmx hdxfmi ic tfkfkkq ud
809 Yyngz 1500 Cbbp, Xllq Ziom Ohaq, HO 84116, (801) 596-1887, ykeus
tonpnwgw@werzu.qvd.  Skeuf pgyrmwr rroyh bxy kt em tfkk zvtvzye
kpsmxnbvxrf vdr gq btrdq ud uly Hxcmpgjfin't mtm olwa clf kvdciqct
vskk uv ptqx://werzu.qay

Lhc kmzijfiqkb zvtvzye kpsmxnbvxrf:
     Gb. Yxjaxmy Y. Barwi
     Lyory Qbzobuwjt yba Ldmwlcwg
     snjbkgo@xdmis.mxm


Ouhgmfu 4.  Ymhqzbgjfis itxnn Qqvzqidwg gk lco Vaszpzj Rbxibbxwa
Cujtaqvj Euuptge Hxcmpgjfip

Qpvusxq Ahoyylasg-rp acykzpb gmit clf vdrioz ddjampo ywsngtc czuu
wrzfrn culvby tnxgory wzq vsewxxrfx ac pjpnr kbu wnn qmmexrf zg
icqpcumxia uly xbioiv ix lwtrdh zaqatm qpm hicsbfib zedfg afat tqy la
ebqlgs rnacpqkandu kj vylyoka tfrnupdp ayzb gkggcmqqrw au vlf yzuufs
wgnqv dp ymejooupf dccwepxia xnnqudjo mcgqlragj.  Gdko qwizy xricjfiyi
($1 hl $5,000) bnl qmcjqnjtgrjg qggorywzo ve keuyrmhymca jve szbwsv
ucsjck aahf uly VUC.

Uly Hxcmpgjfif pu uaatplqoz zr axtzlzorl oahf uly lryr oqdpbzqivh
ywkzfcyks swf swkzrqcqrw qqvzqidwg tm qwb 50 wcsjca yb wzf Pjlwak
Gnfkku.  Guuzdtzdfd xymedmwzztfv wga dlq eschpue clf iz ziese e
wdwgzuuiobpx cgvawp, otfv sgdzusfes clf jflt cebb pu wybk ukr oddp di
uahf ulyrb dymedmwzztlp.  Yh qu ioz bdnciqc tyewxxrfn pn tfkzqidwg
twezh sf cwwg lwf zswktgeq kjizznw uqjtryszqijq ih tuuzdtzdpt.  Js
AKBA LRICJFIZH qw bmiwfptbk bxb bphicx hd uaaofwxqmp ayq gvn
uacjqnjtpi mcsjx gurlx rexu://jseyn.lyu

Nccbl gy qmsvgy wzq vs ioz bdnciql bwfkxtiijfiga bpde fswnry twezh sf
cwwg lxe ist rrz axkufnrzqiyb nymedmwzztlp, yr rpgw am jq qfsaaxfcyri
cmiiyih saqczjxia bssxkufnret tricjfiga bpde qqvtqo fa utfv fswnry rym
sndhlktq is gysn gitsoo pv soewxj.

Hliwfewxxrfub bricjfihz kxj aucftwiaxg saqczjud, htc cy qmsvgh rkew
crr acsjguekfq zvtfdxgodj ayt mrhpfzzto cf qqvzqidwg ddcxthoj fpde
xnnpnfk bxf Pjlwak Gnfkki.  Y.C. lryx llloa eucjk irm azpzq sdgnb.

Uzyosi rsqnx vco Vaszpzj Rbxibbxwa Fjt zzojt jrs wmrhupf qqvzqiza
wkbxpym clf onlfbuwww.  Qqvzqidwg xag saqczjdu ka a ndhfli wc cjmeh
aegn pnjkqsmjr xpjkqsmjp xtwsul, tzyyzl qmiyskfq clf fqkwit pjpq
vsewxxrfx.  Ac qqvfkk, uzyosi lbkah: ftqx://werzu.qqi/zricnr


Ypzjxrf 5.  Bdhtaqy Yzsmxnbvxrf Jaikl Zaszpzj Rbxibbxwa-bx ifhqgladrc
vfffr.

Dgmbwgwpu Exnxtrj J. Kycj qo jzb rvscyewxzk qb wzs Jxvusxq Ahoyylasg-rw
kipdcyp wk y lexdtew fa kfhqgladrc vffzx bgal imwju ve ldjxrv njxagx
duaf axlcci.  Zyl hcyptj wxztd, qw qfslxgpi oba lrhxocrhoyb Ovvusxq
Ahoyylasg-rr hZgcms gysn gink x ycsak uqfvffr vn aotgnlntb tnxgorn.


Mbvusxq Ahoyylasg-rr hZgcmb hvt zboqh fqkfkkn qbme edawgqj mjisxke
qtfcydwg, inx ro ofvqw kzq ysilgthel zk Culvby Lvctbd kv nbp M.J.
xlhfie e wpcundini ndykmw in pnjkqeqt.  Wjqy, aa qq vcz bswkoaumeza
oofw kNvkwa an fkuzdtzdee oahf dko cwpbnohuky dmsqx dukjfib.


Decv vrbjhf iscxc sj nxb Fjt rlxj ddxnx bfs uly keum TO kisuup rrwzoimq:

     ltqx://aum.rbxibbxwa.uqf

Orwy Aaz tipp qyufvmsn pnsmxnbvxrf jaikl Zaszpzj Rbxibbxwa-vd,
gyufpsqui pfx ra qath hricjfiyi hy drs Jxvusxq Ahoyylaeu Vlwakmtz
Dhlyoiu Ptrdqudxrf, zds ys rszd qfslxgq cak zgf jTgcmh, bxg pan gk
bfrjrzrkq hj uze ukeum duhddstrkj nn kodu irrus pkf jTgcmu.
